#EXTM3U 
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="1007 FM Nossa Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", 1007 FM Nossa Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkRUeeZ_D6JZTXP_yYV7Q5A
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="100e7 Caioba FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", 100e7 Caioba FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnaMlgBpzgZ2G4u7nfDVkjb
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="101 FM Jaboticabal" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", 101 FM Jaboticabal
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlwBZUsxmy257X1UEsAhCsV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="103 FM Aracaju" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", 103 FM Aracaju
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnJX2pPg08oYi86CKL5b3cU
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="104 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", 104 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnmlOPZkOMvc4C_bFr3cFPb
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="104 FM  Alternativa" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", 104 FM  Alternativa
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkzAKJx21B1YPTzd6F9bVih
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="1041 Top FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", 1041 Top FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmgBXpqJ6AqG5lHK9e3cuNG
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="1049 FM Energia" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", 1049 FM Energia
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmc68UjRFN3ZcKdikplAsSO
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="105 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", 105 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlD9usDwkyYxSyt8XGcnCOn
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="105 FM Ouro Fino" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", 105 FM Ouro Fino
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkK-jaF3fb_kJn29eTwbOjj
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="1067 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", 1067 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnAShyUomPh-TtYBesL7UyZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="1067 FM A Sertaneja" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", 1067 FM A Sertaneja
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlax8Z7AR0ooOyS4gImCaPt
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="1FM  Love Classics" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", 1FM  Love Classics
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl2WatWL24K5JDsJ4FWohOc
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="1FM Reggae Trade Radio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", 1FM Reggae Trade Radio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn9xmnSzHi60mOsMqzSktaP
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="1NK FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", 1NK FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmJwNf8AGO1Z_LOjwxajTV9
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24 Horas Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", 24 Horas Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmKxxYjeTN157db-tq2F555
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="8 Bits" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", 8 Bits
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkZlQwAMth-g_-BITWhi8an
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="80 Web Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", 80 Web Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnW5XXwPqTNM71GMksJjjev
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="87 FM AGUDOS" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", 87 FM AGUDOS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlyhuRzO3D8rAWjCvA1Nvvj
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="87 FM DRACENA" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", 87 FM DRACENA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkSbNqOTDhkRJgRBlNxqyep
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="87 fm Parnamirim" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", 87 fm Parnamirim
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl90ZtUsnECC67zccEDxGY4
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="87 FM Pro Guaramirim" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", 87 FM Pro Guaramirim
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSny_H94vytfA0uiB3lI25PD
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="88 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", 88 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmrOYLvqC_4re5EcZEbtplS
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="89 FM a Radio Rock" tvg-logo="https://w7.pngwing.com/pngs/411/470/png-transparent-red-headphones-mike-music-radio-logo-music-radio-music-radio-station.png" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", 89 FM a Radio Rock
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnOzrnK92opIsnfchZMDDpe
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="89 FM A Rdio Rock" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", 89 FM A Rdio Rock
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnork6zQ1H6-w-hsjAZYUUW
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="897 FM SC" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", 897 FM SC
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk9b4QkQ2HHoMr_TncFSBKJ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="899 Diario FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", 899 Diario FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk7cKucQj9K2Be-l1ymc-74
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="91 Rock" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", 91 Rock
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkr6hW3k9xpUUShV2pRgoYR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="91 Rock" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", 91 Rock
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkALpMiLNMRxauRbRPGvo8x
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="92 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", 92 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn6JRR-_g7_MGSryfmDxv7Y
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="93 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", 93 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkEeRFLfsR3VUeACG5dLB8y
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="94 FM Bauru" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", 94 FM Bauru
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmAV_sZq8gKcL4VaOlQZefV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="94 FM Dourados" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", 94 FM Dourados
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk8cbSp2hdN3JLdQj6umGmb
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="95 FM Sum" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", 95 FM Sum
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSleFz3M-8P2SwuYsAVZDxKJ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="96 FM do Barro" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", 96 FM do Barro
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmNWN_trlZSDZQTrXoFW2fM
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="97 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", 97 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmaEA1Yk5FEg9lGrONCOAUw
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="97 Rock Web Radio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", 97 Rock Web Radio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn3Bq00dkN6-3FdypbrKL2k
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="98 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", 98 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmfHDVJt5fTzXnmRxhlyHtj
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="98 FM Campina Grande" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", 98 FM Campina Grande
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkIvfJ6WcYfYhuErFKb5zgw
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="99 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", 99 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnk1OsPw9bAhlI0PtR1XNnk
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="99 FM Sentinela" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", 99 FM Sentinela
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk7af_dPrDkDetRgNId4d8B
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="999 Uniao FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", 999 Uniao FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnwW53R-VuifdupDB3Iis6E
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="99FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", 99FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnDUDf6jhCugsavbZujg6_1
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="A Comunidade Web Radio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", A Comunidade Web Radio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkEa2tj1D69mEHn-74C8K37
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="A Cor da Vida" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", A Cor da Vida
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkYcUnU2-7u6JHYusUXp9ik
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="A Evanglica" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", A Evanglica
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnZgEbOcCBv5WRT32nqMSfR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="A Sua Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", A Sua Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkHj_LzcJ_oabbdpClryhPM
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Aai FM Sorriso" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Aai FM Sorriso
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnomP1iKzFjp7x7O339pdOY
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Abdallah FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Abdallah FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkFd2easybvqmCAEig3eqnr
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Absoluta FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Absoluta FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmV5xLqRofW0gJ2fj6UpOUs
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Academia Muscle Prime" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Academia Muscle Prime
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmpp6SYrHL6SQq-EJfZjFAk
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Acervo Radio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Acervo Radio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl3WUkqHwbiZH-hyWc00SUX
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Acesita FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Acesita FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmYRyQMR5fjSp2ktAPpl0zx
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Acessa Rdios" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Acessa Rdios
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl62ogT18quJoqMlAycUnbf
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="AD Bauru" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", AD Bauru
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSneh-F7MUkZialb8CtdLoF-
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Adoradores de Cristo" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Adoradores de Cristo
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlYjiX6E222LjS9PKrh6VL-
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="AGITO FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", AGITO FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmDCCbZr04SK2qY-B6BXgKk
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Agua Branca" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Agua Branca
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkDxMOCp-QtcEyJEJONQZHK
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="AGUIA FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", AGUIA FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlK-3ZWMHfWkRjJ_cohIWBh
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Al FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Al FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkJPxhHAPPDCvFvq7qT6Iug
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Aldeia FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Aldeia FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlDCVDBr12cuCTh8qoX-aZx
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Alegria 929 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Alegria 929 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm8q5uEmZQZwa_RRcurv9Hu
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Aleka Rock Web Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Aleka Rock Web Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl4fzhgnVHj1rqxZWQTA2Wp
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Alfa e mega" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Alfa e mega
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmKyq7cOKHrmzqZkBPmj75t
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Aliana FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Aliana FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlXiNu1KAbgidPQLQGVXnVU
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Aline FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Aline FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm9QPSQ08sAa6p71e1GPL8O
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Alpes Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Alpes Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmLP5txHzp84CgAp4b33bPC
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Alpha FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Alpha FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnnx9bDc5GoZg_XTJpPbmi_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Alpha FM 101.7 SP" tvg-logo="http://flixgran.xyz:8080/images/5bb1f145afe17acf2866664fdc0f9644.png" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Alpha FM 101.7 SP
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSntxMrZKsm2v7hODGEvJCea
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Alpha FM Goiania" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Alpha FM Goiania
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkOhT8WvWoONxc8YvKoUPb2
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Alternativa FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Alternativa FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk26Gq5yhqkkpTEMvsSn4NT
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Alternativa FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Alternativa FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnBYeI06_hcKHqtT9xCa6OF
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Alternativa FM Cariacica" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Alternativa FM Cariacica
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkRpEZJdXhFYIEihgi8yeCq
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Alternativa Hits" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Alternativa Hits
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkYKqZ8xRnkCR3sUC3z8EH8
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Alternativa Webrdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Alternativa Webrdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl4htYsH6G8VZ7fL1Bmf9Di
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="ALTERNATIVA2 WEB  RADIO" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", ALTERNATIVA2 WEB  RADIO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmhLu-GZjHTlFbmqAfQVus5
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="AlternativaMais" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", AlternativaMais
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmUGXWu2HWzVc-EmI3KIzv_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Alternative Clssic Rock" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Alternative Clssic Rock
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnyRLeMfKkLRv06_KH5eUPy
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Alto Astral FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Alto Astral FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnaLjhbzyiUWMDz5Lo_b-Z1
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Alto da Serra FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Alto da Serra FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn5dbgTIqhquahqrAO_T5XN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Alto Rio Doce FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Alto Rio Doce FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlgYGM0Sug1lWeTDIr-cc_U
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Alto Rio Grande FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Alto Rio Grande FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnbZiqud4shS8Zyr2x_rN_H
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Alvorada" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Alvorada
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlluHZPH8C8rFggdTy2wU3q
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Alvorada FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Alvorada FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmDTk4i4ihAq8yHlESE_Gdu
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Alvorecer FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Alvorecer FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkncCjJr6v_UmGKYkXslg13
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Amanda FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Amanda FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlQ3j0H6hq_JKH7mfKjRMx-
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Amanda FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Amanda FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnTDQd_XOUXbqcYOTuA5efL
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="AMASC FM 983" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", AMASC FM 983
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmpH86gOqjntxFEKbVM90Wa
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Amazon Gospel" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Amazon Gospel
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkXBR9kHso6JdDMInqNi2Po
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="America Dance 90s" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", America Dance 90s
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmnkrGQiHeBVfYHJshlnMga
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Amiga FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Amiga FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSncTQDruOFnIGTwXttUrMpT
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Amigos do Clube da Cidade" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Amigos do Clube da Cidade
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlAdcz5s6Y-PBFodcoelJuk
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Amigos Web Radio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Amigos Web Radio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlsbE8YgAFxEnE_Rjn-xp_x
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Amigos Web Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Amigos Web Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlfRhqjKYqIvsuxa6yrHeZw
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Amizade" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Amizade
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkjPWoLtlxFnlrVu1QaawmQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Amizade FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Amizade FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm-0bOgeUhoZteXsCILVhrf
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Amor e Saudade" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Amor e Saudade
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSllhXtrw96qGo2LqAgsg1Ww
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Amrica Dance 90s" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Amrica Dance 90s
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmoamOQajOnWR5Okvoca2fG
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Amrica FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Amrica FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlZjrV34uNRDtVbL530Fw0W
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Anchieta Web Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Anchieta Web Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlMJFi_eoAb4TvdCHt_Kr8A
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Andai FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Andai FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlMcuQLisQr8nEtN11rpuB6
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Andaia FM 1043" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Andaia FM 1043
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkL482EU5rHDwnzxC7qiaEL
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Andre Sento Se Radio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Andre Sento Se Radio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkReMmr456APfYgkH8au7gi
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Animu FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Animu FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkC9Li3hhXzC7YTmsi47gAj
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Anoranza Maya" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Anoranza Maya
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlegypcfcuR0oh4zy2t3Mrb
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Anos Dourados FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Anos Dourados FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlfiAGzhICvHrBLBzSsAl2d
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Antena 1 gospel" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Antena 1 gospel
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmzB_l3reKzLO-Y936ms9oL
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Antena 100 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Antena 100 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmXg61Rksbz4Uqer3Q9E4vj
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Antena 102 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Antena 102 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnG_ZWTGoWfClhQNLvYD42h
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Antena FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Antena FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmBTux_WnnD2DLb5oUQssVS
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Antena Gospel" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Antena Gospel
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm8QEFKM7yOX3Jjbpemlt2g
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Antena Hits FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Antena Hits FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmCzjwsDDD74A40_DE_om6Y
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Antena Ligada FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Antena Ligada FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSntpzrXPCqPBjZ4CEo7kHkX
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Antena Play" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Antena Play
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlXnWlEPAyzvrUBDkfp0k4m
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Antena Zero" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Antena Zero
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlQUiGxebADYGCFkCtG3glH
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="AntenaMix" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", AntenaMix
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkrNsVRlWst_Qz9v_k1uv0N
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Anunciacao FM 1049" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Anunciacao FM 1049
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSngHuLD5q9rKMDZz-8cUBMA
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Apadv Esportes" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Apadv Esportes
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkqyYLItquLIG46a5ikWw5v
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Apaixonados Por Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Apaixonados Por Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmqVcIa9zDa23He15IolvGZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Apar FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Apar FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkmAsF82D5eoLZ6QIOTCGa2
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Aparecida FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Aparecida FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnyuVm6Gcyh9BtinZhIKWTv
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Apolo Mix Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Apolo Mix Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkwkUsd43I3BD38gm0-EGPa
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Apuarema FM 1049" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Apuarema FM 1049
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlUUhLsIZ3bJlTmr-rziN65
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Aquarela FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Aquarela FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmuSA5L2ZaKIwGU6M3XD2Ig
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Aquarela FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Aquarela FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkWD3lKCS02iR0KIOe75BI_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Aquele Rock" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Aquele Rock
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSki8kAL18OEZJcBEnwFud4f
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Aracu FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Aracu FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkPntlyCi6RVkgT0kQf0yR8
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Arara Azul" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Arara Azul
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn_L2mjjdA79D2RlVL8808q
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Arara Azul FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Arara Azul FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmV3O1QXkP5msaZTa8s5KQE
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Arcanjos FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Arcanjos FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkwkdQ1qqiaEl0CjGlIim-u
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Arcanos WEB Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Arcanos WEB Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnbHnTuk0HGMU8UyBS1xAvp
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Areia Branca FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Areia Branca FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnURRaKPRcpTHQ5aeYLfyR2
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Arena Djs" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Arena Djs
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkX35zqi-9Zwdxk3TBUxc89
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Arena Web Radio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Arena Web Radio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlNhxH8qaKlB62dgOm0kZzm
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Arrocha Fm" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Arrocha Fm
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlAyvZ3CAE-5PgqAoLq9nWr
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Arrochadeira Sertaneja" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Arrochadeira Sertaneja
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmE8Fn2eI0xfhvT-ZssPNtg
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Arts Studio FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Arts Studio FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm5l6PZuUeRdDsxS0cl3SSE
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Artur Moraes Web Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Artur Moraes Web Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnE3oOCgIZCcMG27LiobDqF
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Aruan FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Aruan FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkK_jO0UByWYgzVlhr8wAIz
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Aruna Clube" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Aruna Clube
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl72Cm82uFma89hBFyLs8__
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="ARWTV Web Rdio Nova Bzios" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", ARWTV Web Rdio Nova Bzios
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkKV8fqgf9Q5ufO1m14qAZX
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="ASBrazil" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", ASBrazil
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmp8L9TUO2RndkRcEvXqif6
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Assembleia de Deus em Remdios" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Assembleia de Deus em Remdios
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl2sDGw9IM8BQDZA_tg0NWK
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Atalaia AM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Atalaia AM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm0e2a_xRTL_wlstB36VF22
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Atenas FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Atenas FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmkkBjyZ7XprlSMhnLpOTCG
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Atenas FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Atenas FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk6967-UaHppy5awss5Ujot
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Atitude Popular" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Atitude Popular
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkfrJenDYvqz5-HAy8lNZDR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Ativa Comunicaes" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Ativa Comunicaes
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmhvQCsfnZt29FGpup_zCTb
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Ativa FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Ativa FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl-5CQRx4dJk0qgkJM-_sYz
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Ativa FM 1073" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Ativa FM 1073
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm_pcn9TpaWXCDwSCns6Z5_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Ativa FM WEB" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Ativa FM WEB
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlqhZleRWNCoQ5Mr3jhg1MK
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Ativa Web Rdio Mix" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Ativa Web Rdio Mix
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnR1dQCjSePIXfo9GPNHoPm
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Atividade Esprita" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Atividade Esprita
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnZUpkCOi0EXa8Eqe_NXm_j
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Atividade FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Atividade FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkSEBd9bkhWebdnblBkdVi6
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Atividade FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Atividade FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlmXJ5VZ-1H7JGBU2qVtah6
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Atlantico Sul" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Atlantico Sul
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm_e6JKvE-Y6YrUtICzGGQb
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Atlantico Sul FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Atlantico Sul FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm8IBkdOGwOujp7UE0_qRk5
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Atlntica FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Atlntica FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkhIFj3ZR56ZyVRpzvT1UA-
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Atos420 English" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Atos420 English
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnt0WaDxfZwp5spswkRUtml
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Atos420 Instrumental" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Atos420 Instrumental
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkO4beCo5cU1l3WK6DQ3LW0
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Atos420 Jovem" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Atos420 Jovem
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSltGiJ-qDD0AUPokBU1o5Jz
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Atos420 Tradicional" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Atos420 Tradicional
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkludkUit-RHD03-lx3JV_e
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Atrativa FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Atrativa FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk1B-0tsHy_gYRhH7wCl0Xv
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Audio Grooves Club" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Audio Grooves Club
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl1ZWom7zjDnDFrLyRb2O8y
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Audio Grooves Deeply" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Audio Grooves Deeply
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnrDE0bXAblFIyanKCE5s5t
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Audio Grooves Disco Shine" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Audio Grooves Disco Shine
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSltxcNR3bJ6sPiVLB_nqtyQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Audio Grooves Fresh Your Mind" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Audio Grooves Fresh Your Mind
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSldh2LHKrSEYDeqfoRt8BpQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Audio Grooves Future" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Audio Grooves Future
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmwJJD8PAJj3xNFcB79S_Mi
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Audio Grooves Jazzy Flight" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Audio Grooves Jazzy Flight
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmjL_qRLtVLYlEdh_jA0yNT
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Audio Grooves NU Vibes" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Audio Grooves NU Vibes
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkOF7tf3zmda_UuyA_pKwOi
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Audio Grooves Soul" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Audio Grooves Soul
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmLbHNgZ35iXtHdCwPQIx7f
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Audio Grooves Soul Unmixed" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Audio Grooves Soul Unmixed
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlDxZiWGxZ3GXw6ObdSZNN4
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Audio Grooves Sound Factory" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Audio Grooves Sound Factory
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl5GCRzKA11rINGDnFASHf2
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Audio Grooves Sublime Beats" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Audio Grooves Sublime Beats
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn7MMnF_-S8PjCrg-zU6SQX
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Audio Grooves Trax" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Audio Grooves Trax
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn7wlvg08_tpccF38ifZugZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Aurora FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Aurora FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlbbxf0r4Zo_CVU6soZtAwy
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Aurora Web Radio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Aurora Web Radio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmKI1374In05rmC1Fkgx5EV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Autentica Favela FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Autentica Favela FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmpGoaYXYnQcg2nCV1-tfqI
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Axe Bahia" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Axe Bahia
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkJMSdsY-cmLspLnOokG1JN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Aymor FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Aymor FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkBRsz_ShMr6EKcJev4Iwj8
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Ayoba FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Ayoba FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnob-8SWabZ2Nh8fgGVwa_z
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Babacu FM 879" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Babacu FM 879
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnAf6T6JaFyGfjmBYDC4VQn
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Baixada Gospel 915 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Baixada Gospel 915 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlJ6gkSNbI-mYZE7uWOc-Ks
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Balada Mix" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Balada Mix
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl15Hal39XWN97vhQEF9xSO
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Balaiada FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Balaiada FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkCNTdV6jWuerXfA7NH1qol
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Ban FM 879" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Ban FM 879
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkQmwcBkytvOru3MjN-yzx6
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Bangu FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Bangu FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmvvdCq2qjlTNEnTFKoYXVv
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Barra FM Gospel" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Barra FM Gospel
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnUVOof-KT555R_8m-jjZZT
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Barra Radio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Barra Radio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSncGVVq9HVEJANEfvwYSZSY
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Barril FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Barril FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnM3RNO0h6aVew3jO5SK_ET
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Barro Preto FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Barro Preto FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnxgUgAoiJpLzwAYTA0KtGv
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Batido FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Batido FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSls8sqYspBdM9zc4M_MkWSp
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Batucada" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Batucada
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkAi051fQphQS_irX5gpG-F
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="BB Music  Buzios Bossa Music" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", BB Music  Buzios Bossa Music
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnlwvbIbUzYuKYBtSj5lNLz
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="BBN Radio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", BBN Radio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlQRLZ3VJhAE4w_9KNIM27W
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Beat 98 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Beat 98 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnEykisj_A1f1btKNzqopPZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Beat Groove Fm" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Beat Groove Fm
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm-icneS1zS_xiSaioHb8Bk
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Beat98" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Beat98
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlYfCN3TL6Mz7rhe3MEH8Yl
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Beatles WEB Station" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Beatles WEB Station
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnHt97ORTp30k-hTqcuotuU
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Beats Habbo Web Radio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Beats Habbo Web Radio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmNtEZ8RzqMy3A9v8O2EQmn
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Bela Vista" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Bela Vista
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn5qAsTmLWSTTAPvl701f6E
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Bella Web Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Bella Web Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn3NrCBE5jGj3v_ih-iEbfW
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="BestRadio Brasil" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", BestRadio Brasil
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlrR5zpWRdiwB82SVzZ9eyY
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Bethel FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Bethel FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmj5FPfWfKnx1rczPBJMCPI
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="BH FM 102.1 MG" tvg-logo="https://w7.pngwing.com/pngs/411/470/png-transparent-red-headphones-mike-music-radio-logo-music-radio-music-radio-station.png" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", BH FM 102.1 MG
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlSdkD_A7muyKH0ofD97bWI
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Bianca FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Bianca FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkmdoP2faDrL2LpeH593XzI
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Biblica Gospel FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Biblica Gospel FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlbGB6Vv_CP1QwW5BizeifA
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Big 100 Grande Centenria" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Big 100 Grande Centenria
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnMcXjBvDBWYrTyCGNlj2nB
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Big FM Mix" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Big FM Mix
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSljmsCcR0Vv6gRuPYJCN0ei
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Big10FM   Rdio pertinho de voc" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Big10FM   Rdio pertinho de voc
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk3Zr7vLNZqCf-64PXDdUOc
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Biz WEB Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Biz WEB Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmrrxVoITmPj0qTX_EJO5k-
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="BIZ Webradio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", BIZ Webradio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk02VQPGLzsNIA2HMS5s32O
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Black FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Black FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnuGK_tomUWaSEFhaUdTqBQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Black Soul Marques" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Black Soul Marques
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmGZoXVN-6lUH3wPRLCptDn
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="BLINK 102 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", BLINK 102 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmRJWppUDnX9fD8PepbVygL
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Boas Novas" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Boas Novas
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlipIaQ7D_7gkj_RtTJ3Qon
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Boas Novas Fm" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Boas Novas Fm
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSly-dVRutaB5JWnqcKFoUQZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Boca da Mata FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Boca da Mata FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnJ-jsy0dhP2i6HdBn8qklf
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Boca da Mata FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Boca da Mata FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkbREevMRraIafzNWaDP-qU
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Boca do Acre Atual JT" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Boca do Acre Atual JT
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlBFud0eO1pvcV-EBq3lHNp
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Bola Radio Extreme" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Bola Radio Extreme
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlg-eC5zykIav31sukYdCtY
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Bola Rdio Worship" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Bola Rdio Worship
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmGhumZ4_HxpXw5NYNs9gmU
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Bossa Nova Brazil" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Bossa Nova Brazil
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlLg6-grXUO92iHwEdtFPiz
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="BR Radio Show" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", BR Radio Show
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn_gni4Bq7Ims7LAp3nkwiN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="BR Web Rdios" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", BR Web Rdios
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm1vHrNO0_kz_X_gXKGYYK_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Brasil Music" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Brasil Music
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmse1gPoCtQF0Dg_CXTTsxQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Brasil Radio Valmar" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Brasil Radio Valmar
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnp4bRI3D0EEm30DQADxVc6
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Bravo Web Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Bravo Web Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm_xOQx4UKE8ila1Gk_0itl
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Brazil 69 radio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Brazil 69 radio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmkxRQxKCkXFoXRYOl2HeXr
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Brisa de Samba" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Brisa de Samba
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmXcLh_2y-3u7Di4_hYNio6
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Brscia Mais FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Brscia Mais FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSntR2DbiL0qWnyYP1F28ryO
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Buqueirao FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Buqueirao FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlehYt0J1Ls0wPkNe2FkU5K
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Buzina FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Buzina FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn2DKDc5PNSklqQ04EY5kRn
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Cabeceiras Web Radio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Cabeceiras Web Radio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkLJmbFHncUP5tXQyUmohEH
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Cabo Branco" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Cabo Branco
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlwm66KfUrcUY0EjsJmRLqC
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Cabo Branco FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Cabo Branco FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnth5b7axpwW-8Qb3_wra0F
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Caeno Jazz Radio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Caeno Jazz Radio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm8vXxaws3mpagEJZkpLn1h
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Caf rock" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Caf rock
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSncpFOK4Njv-wqu958ZnTZj
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Caiaras WEB Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Caiaras WEB Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlXDvf7Rvzzz08VDJ4-1vbc
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Camaragibana Megamix" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Camaragibana Megamix
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkuHq_qgSNGZZAgWKHDjUKD
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Cambe FM 879" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Cambe FM 879
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlGGJzjHi5iQcUwJThMBKLB
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Camet FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Camet FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmuCykWI-ZlgJ2xsBTsLKKp
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Campo Limpo FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Campo Limpo FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnT2AWZsFPZxy4MyyFW81qO
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Canal 80 Web Radio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Canal 80 Web Radio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkM9rdZO4esYvvfWSyvN3_0
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Canal Um FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Canal Um FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmh0fplXKei3lZJPjUrswLJ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Canal Um FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Canal Um FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmzU9VuL4NQaTOSj9N4a9Ji
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Canao de Boadeiro Web" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Canao de Boadeiro Web
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkVX8DaylV1gLUq0Wv6Z0YO
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Candeias Radio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Candeias Radio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnZVW5jYOXM75pZrqWgiFrR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Candides FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Candides FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlA5aPJVDcMk35pMthcgwSo
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Cano Gospel Radio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Cano Gospel Radio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnisEp_Fm8Rf9QhuCu0Qk1S
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Canudos FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Canudos FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmQn8VFCkFLm2Bs8WzSP9IP
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Capital 879 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Capital 879 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmMZavALDaFdPi5R1ziuJ3m
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Capital do Agreste" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Capital do Agreste
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk7rWE9JlEtGYme5YL278cd
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Capital FM 95" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Capital FM 95
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlsn6ub4xF0QPe6CNfZwJNO
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Capital Retr" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Capital Retr
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmzCxqHqABK0ma4otN86-iH
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Caraibas FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Caraibas FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnSdQDFJsqm-CdXM4TcVyQj
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Carape FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Carape FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSln6dLK2gkpX2RVisi0rN6C
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="CARAPEBUS FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", CARAPEBUS FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmgKdBc2L7XweUhGgSyIrxt
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Carcaa FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Carcaa FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlH6OeoipVp0Y2QWkXRI6--
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Carijinho FM 1049" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Carijinho FM 1049
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnuNxiTzkTUnmV_cBlKeDeX
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Carioca FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Carioca FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkgmzuI1gADfDU99AyPb88U
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Carmem Romani Web Radio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Carmem Romani Web Radio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkOJpJ1CqUnlzwx8sv5l5rF
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Casa Da Black Music  Nacionais e Internacionais Da Msica" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Casa Da Black Music  Nacionais e Internacionais Da Msica
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnCEUXqqlg3E4rGfWfG1ZKL
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Catedra" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Catedra
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnGm14oxNa3JvKJSYM4xUCk
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Caverna do Rock Web Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Caverna do Rock Web Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl3RwGBqQ8GvZiqQdiz7m9v
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="CBN" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", CBN
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnwnEtRkyPdBMt6uKVxQN0J
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="CBN Vale do Itaja" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", CBN Vale do Itaja
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnpwz6__Y3NUrNs0wyDRGAe
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="CBS FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", CBS FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkUd5lnM_p9SXwW9QAbqzVh
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="CCEP Online" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", CCEP Online
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl3JDt1HLCLdxc-keAvAY2b
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="CDL FM 1029" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", CDL FM 1029
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlu0r1fuxi7heysLRvreyre
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Cedro FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Cedro FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlgs4l0wBRy4DjCC6oL3Ukk
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Celebrai On" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Celebrai On
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnH5KMz75SNV4rU47_OnANJ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Central DJ" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Central DJ
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkpByT-romv2_zgOyPJZVM6
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Chama Divina" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Chama Divina
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkIv3EwLWLEYb6yCk2osAQy
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Chamamento FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Chamamento FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnF8hh6ovJ7338gJFybYC7B
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Chapado FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Chapado FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkg7nH8TimIidBPmQKuttWH
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="CHW Country Highway" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", CHW Country Highway
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkHxz7zYn4dTq2nYoM9zzF3
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Cia FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Cia FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlduq-ejBadUEKyx12dR8OE
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Cidade 907 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Cidade 907 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkcwfd3fmHP-NtMVBkRVb0x
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Cidade 991" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Cidade 991
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmgimTqqiLp3-gha8IjiBcK
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Cidade 991 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Cidade 991 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmNTFqk0XS5PLkYoNFrC498
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Cidade AM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Cidade AM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSls9YwHkfrxiiQ5vuh7SBVT
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Cidade Bela" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Cidade Bela
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkNjf7w-ypiSHPs8IXsS2wt
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Cidade Bela FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Cidade Bela FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSntcbX8aALuGNAaLqvpYd9C
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Cidade FM 945" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Cidade FM 945
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmgTdnaXZJ3gA1bjq5JikbT
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Cidade FM Radcom" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Cidade FM Radcom
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkeaS4OFpxqYZpL0FsqdfvY
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Cidade Gospel" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Cidade Gospel
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmofkymNoc8LUoRcF0yuoca
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Cidade Livre FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Cidade Livre FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl_tYmXmh2wVCQT6cQUV8vd
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Cidade Modelo" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Cidade Modelo
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm1zuyyqS8p7YD4Em9dtt9s
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Cidade Web Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Cidade Web Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSluBkTpmLvAWsbHiFw7cRqQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Cidreira FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Cidreira FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmVPZbdsmQahiUD9IsK6i9S
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="City Web Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", City Web Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSms1MIuPnURc1qC-EePKOhs
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Classe A Floripa" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Classe A Floripa
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlbsEWdyPmKgouhmU9wWUlR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Classic Hits" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Classic Hits
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkUK9ys5vxTkpZqPD2ZIU1K
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Classic Pan" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Classic Pan
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmqrVvAwczoaYcrRgVuGzZd
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Classicos Do Funk" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Classicos Do Funk
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk8XiPlC6lwBZxbFa2DzJJI
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Clock FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Clock FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlhU4ZEYY0b04dwTAn7gua5
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Club FM 967" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Club FM 967
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkwUhO78yAqr7-G8UlwAf2N
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Club Mix Web" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Club Mix Web
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmJbJP5BzuoweV0fzvpdS_2
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Clube 105 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Clube 105 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSndvkovi9V_3UeKWzz46HVY
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Clube AM 590" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Clube AM 590
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm5XKqG0cgrTjn_BKezJogN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="CLUBE BRASIL" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", CLUBE BRASIL
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlgxQkPckEidzcHM8FlGRv4
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Clube FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Clube FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnkxFqZaSL-5nOhR_pmOlM9
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Clube FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Clube FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSln3QRWMYKEhaeTDMQvkV2M
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="CLUBE FM 107.1 TAIOBEIRAS MG" tvg-logo="https://w7.pngwing.com/pngs/411/470/png-transparent-red-headphones-mike-music-radio-logo-music-radio-music-radio-station.png" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", CLUBE FM 107.1 TAIOBEIRAS MG
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlJji7Xp5OlKa_Zza-REXfS
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Clube Jovem Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Clube Jovem Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlmtP31_ckl-pcyyt2eefO2
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Clube Nova Aaurora" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Clube Nova Aaurora
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlQ7vVuRkUP6LH4fmdngMzo
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Clube Um FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Clube Um FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn-94UxQYJ2wxtuPHlTj9WO
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Clubehits" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Clubehits
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmZZivk5f7KyFP9_pbkhFbF
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Colina FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Colina FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmNOUUz9AJKPuWHq89ngvLl
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Colina Web Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Colina Web Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmNyEKQXmvlDDK5rUcwnKqC
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Colinas FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Colinas FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnoP4m7NJtX_VSvyHh7Nae0
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Colonial FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Colonial FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm6vygLVPUI9ZXoKXQRu-kL
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Companheira FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Companheira FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlZYE9NLioshcuejhPndA4N
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Comunidade Crista Avivada" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Comunidade Crista Avivada
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnDKBCTxmNBkJOX6q0amo5_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Comunidade FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Comunidade FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlg-ehN92nKnVqrBLnf1AfR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Comunitria Samauma" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Comunitria Samauma
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnpGsK3vRqbqB93A6vn0jEA
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Conect Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Conect Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlyEg8jt3J3t2LpZ5rfPJts
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Conexao Sonora" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Conexao Sonora
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmmb034NYzW0nDyWnP3R0Ny
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Conexo Bblia Sagrada" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Conexo Bblia Sagrada
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnRVPlAft6s2EvHumn-R79C
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Conexo FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Conexo FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn9wakS3a4QElmHEE9cY9qh
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Coniep" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Coniep
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk2S1tDCh1kuKQszfP_pHJG
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Connect Radio Web" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Connect Radio Web
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm6RfrJ5gDOxelAMXU_KHg5
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Contagiante" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Contagiante
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSke4fVxCdGqF7rbLptJ-8IK
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Continental AM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Continental AM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm27pDQdno4wZdn-Vc1zz8j
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Copas Verdes FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Copas Verdes FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk6tH46RjAhkQmy1yLGYECG
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Cordeiros Web Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Cordeiros Web Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm84Q7mxNo8zN0MKkMSG1b1
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Coroado AM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Coroado AM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnHADkSpPuakVAfO0oAeuod
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Corupa FM 879" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Corupa FM 879
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnSz9g4qD8mb1dhBeyIWu2G
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Costa Sul" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Costa Sul
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkh52d7CaJdAbEqiBwLKum-
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Cowboy FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Cowboy FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkhklCWbv5is8eGG_mqq98m
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="CPAD FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", CPAD FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmzhWe8_0txIdqjaHKVIirp
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Crates Web Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Crates Web Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmBGf0PWOLbETh3Vnk5kYE3
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Crazy Rock WEB Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Crazy Rock WEB Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnFjlAinD_c1_a5ykWNGRlW
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="CRC Web Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", CRC Web Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmDHMsektBSLgkjIl8DZeL2
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Criativa FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Criativa FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnEmqZaLQSPa3iC3qkwN5c4
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Criativa FM 949" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Criativa FM 949
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl1CYpUeOw5wMEJLqSLsCN-
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Cristalina" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Cristalina
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlBEzfZPB9z08PXAl8k2FMx
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Cristo Vive FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Cristo Vive FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnUzcf5eXLLn17VBJT7nl2f
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Crrego de Areia Radio Web" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Crrego de Areia Radio Web
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnz8Kdlugu9qs5z79XdFtAC
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Cruz de Malta FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Cruz de Malta FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnLH7I_LsHTcQLWR98wjaQU
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Cruzeiro FM 923" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Cruzeiro FM 923
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmcjJtohYXOiPkO8TtrbhvH
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Crystal FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Crystal FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnXoU1gbczHttmGmBRWQEg_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Cultura 1340" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Cultura 1340
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm_VpT2wjGogbx8KIlTUFpV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Cultura do Oeste FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Cultura do Oeste FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl76sT_ptJyAiT7nEeoftHG
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Cultura FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Cultura FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmnrAljyhBeDGlVKyk4frjp
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Cultura Rdio WEB" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Cultura Rdio WEB
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmrRa2K_F0QCI4y68Uot7wp
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Cultura Web Cast" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Cultura Web Cast
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmNTo58PMUDTgUaRiCUESnY
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Cultura Web Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Cultura Web Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmMk45XCHvcjrI4wduH_4sX
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Cultural FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Cultural FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkwEDfEPxaL8QeAj6rf8c6R
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Curriata Web Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Curriata Web Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlTLQHZdw-lpj6amkncpdld
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="D2 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", D2 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlzJn8WY2s8Lrtqx-ZVxWAb
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Dance 100 Parar Web Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Dance 100 Parar Web Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk_YiATeGnT-vFCMMDcGLxC
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Dance Forever" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Dance Forever
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSncA0g3g8H9FBH4eIapzvbf
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Dance Music 90" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Dance Music 90
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSljKBuiesvxsiqUw_tLgC6l
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Deep House Vila Renacer Mix Fm" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Deep House Vila Renacer Mix Fm
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmSycbA7G2p7J-3xyr0zBkz
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Demais FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Demais FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm0KIsS5I1A9jTT4c7HSeFb
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Destak FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Destak FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmDmywtE6838qIEvx1sw_Wb
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Destaque Popular" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Destaque Popular
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlj2M7QN9WV7_73txqzJtsF
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Diamantina FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Diamantina FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl9Afjz8WJdLaJiOz4zj847
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Diante Do Reino" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Diante Do Reino
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlEVGopkyEfTJGPmFdpCIf4
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Difusora" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Difusora
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSka3GqR12V5nql5DoftuuZT
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Difusora 960 AM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Difusora 960 AM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlrDLpwFYuCjkyBVZf8b4-N
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Difusora AM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Difusora AM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmI81JeMdVjnIbd2gzHxBjy
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Difusora AM 590" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Difusora AM 590
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnAH7nrFGYWeB-eBSTJQgOz
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Difusora FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Difusora FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkmgdW0MzWTrIgKi38kq5lm
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Difusora FM 1003 Imbituba" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Difusora FM 1003 Imbituba
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnIupdU1QLzlOmruzmJBeHY
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Difusora Live" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Difusora Live
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkqFHOAI9VPNNxYL9zfDBav
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Difusora Pantanal" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Difusora Pantanal
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk7e5f6mFxzcgM95irxt-MV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Difusora Prime FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Difusora Prime FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlzSzv7m5FrVcGy9ag9sTvf
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Digital Gospel Tupa Web Radio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Digital Gospel Tupa Web Radio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkJlzTHRAAsl8qwVG_heHca
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Dimenso FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Dimenso FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmTmh5keMKl53aqr3Y8hUg4
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Dinmica Gospel" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Dinmica Gospel
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmEmAA0PS9w0UyPj0TRVlQF
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Diplomata FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Diplomata FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk9XH3ftp5bO0bVQtzldCMP
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Dirio Serrano FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Dirio Serrano FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn_Sc2OiMrbP7kjlo4VP8uT
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Disco 80" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Disco 80
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnVuSd8OtkRwe991aPRXNQF
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Divinal" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Divinal
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkOPnjyXNpu3JSC0_xOV1Kq
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Dixie Rebel Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Dixie Rebel Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl5mR8GL4zcksHsRgya2vID
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="DJ Glado Web RDIO" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", DJ Glado Web RDIO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkCHOPVFqjbyCFEWb6NW9Nw
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="DJ Juninho Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", DJ Juninho Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm3iP9EfaavvN8dZuOtm_j0
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="DJ90 Radio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", DJ90 Radio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlewnXHQbqOkEi34uoUqC1v
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="DJP Informatica" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", DJP Informatica
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn63_992mUSRCfK_stbKVlc
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Doguinhacds" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Doguinhacds
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlW2tMqGGA-S1vbAqA-u-t-
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Dracena FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Dracena FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlla2xI1IYCVS6qb2pyQfuh
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Dublab Brasil" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Dublab Brasil
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmsTxds4fxwh7QpnPfO1ktE
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Eco Acre FM 1065" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Eco Acre FM 1065
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmetU7wNEDJ5Emy_kUh13Jd
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Edmais FM Web" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Edmais FM Web
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmpq3Dv3-RbMNx4q02Vt46e
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Educadora" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Educadora
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmP1ZLtTLlt_McFpTzgBfNP
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Educadora 1060 AM Piracicaba" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Educadora 1060 AM Piracicaba
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl-oid8Df9WZ9dvhbBDl62m
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Educadora 91.7 FM" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/r42lGcgZ5Es0LIcsPesT21fyY32wzG5yuCnf9x8yMgS3wDTIAAqq8lF27bHd9zu0PKTdHzILZ9wgMiCZexPnjOxBGK2FOx8NF1zGMbRNJ78.png" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Educadora 91.7 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkSPn2pP2ouyadgZ43Gk3nI
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Educadora FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Educadora FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnWWCwTcxF3bZSEgkLC5BtO
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Educasom FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Educasom FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlZbrTUYM-VqtO6qSGVQAEi
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Educativa 105 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Educativa 105 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlEBClszQfXHwd9NkZZwDEC
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Educativa FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Educativa FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlSzpgQQ6__A-FkvAoW3qAA
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Educativa FM 1059" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Educativa FM 1059
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnzci875GLWP6BTSpmlQUHV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Efraim Gospel" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Efraim Gospel
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmxM3iTtw_GRU2OcjztA54d
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="EHB Web Rock" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", EHB Web Rock
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkEeSfnyVWiMFEPd4X4sQH5
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="EldoPop FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", EldoPop FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlVAAwoK42dKlGJcTMjaq7F
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Eletro Mix" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Eletro Mix
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkJbmD229pPl6WFq8Pix05Y
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Elite Web Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Elite Web Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn5ALbp1vihtFSBeUi_5rsP
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Elo Gospel" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Elo Gospel
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnT9cxjSUJqzlJq4hq3DCdE
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Emoo FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Emoo FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmQ-GiIKCRFPgROZ2eI1Xdd
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="EMusic Station" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", EMusic Station
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm4p5JLF2RWZGOuf9QoeqgH
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Encantadas FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Encantadas FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmFtJ1qRWTg6L3-jC4c2cxm
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Encanto FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Encanto FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkbYqO1dsRL06DvMvxUa-6c
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Energia 97 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Energia 97 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmZ8sJOkhWV1wZTmjWU9YRJ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Energia Dance Radio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Energia Dance Radio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkZD9zOuahejqrDdHi3Ya2V
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Energia FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Energia FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmUDQq6TmaRT4n36mxtYvFR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Energy Brasil" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Energy Brasil
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm0bia4-wKCg66D8XOul-Nc
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Entre Rios AM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Entre Rios AM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn44phs3hhuJbSfRDjrvsZo
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Entre Rios FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Entre Rios FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk7e19KlQwRUmSXm0jLDdk-
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Eramos Jovens Web Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Eramos Jovens Web Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkMXp8kngIQFaICcsq2HF2e
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Escuta Area WEB Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Escuta Area WEB Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlt7_1jwLRPOPITYmXc4XK_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Esoterica FM New Age Brasil" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Esoterica FM New Age Brasil
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl3KI4STUcWZLmQAKtmu5Em
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Esotrica FM Lounge" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Esotrica FM Lounge
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnAb8dPX0SP1LdI4nKK7nC0
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Espacial FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Espacial FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkT1mFUnLDUG4gi2FDbtDMP
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Esperanca" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Esperanca
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm5XWQjZ6ZIEH9AsfVpMJS8
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Espirito Santo" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Espirito Santo
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmG8-_8rmhNcKy2pi5X_fFm
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Estao 104 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Estao 104 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkzNoKywpUzvZGS2qUT7gdO
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Estao Brasil" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Estao Brasil
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnfCNrq0dPBCHO8CRtrE3p_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Estao Evangelho" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Estao Evangelho
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlFRIqH_BMxaqpRcXgUOEpo
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Estao FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Estao FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlNR1oKLKSdpadW_X8LgwQv
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Estao Jovem FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Estao Jovem FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkjwkqppA0uq9pGW8qTBSri
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Estao Onde Danar BSB" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Estao Onde Danar BSB
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkqwc4MLvhKmul8l4kbAmn7
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Estao Sat WEB" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Estao Sat WEB
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnmqnglt2QTH3Vtb8N6nRdX
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Estao TOP" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Estao TOP
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnFOfhi5oV_ptpd_H-REgZA
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Estereosom Classic" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Estereosom Classic
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnGoKnFrjmS3f4JNpPy_R1Z
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Estereosom FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Estereosom FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlfJfy2MY8rQn2PBBuzQwsY
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Estereosom Sertaneja" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Estereosom Sertaneja
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSno1nFc4faiZhyj-zJTY7uf
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Estrela Nova WEB" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Estrela Nova WEB
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl9PNFGVsqSFTOdIuAM8MI_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Estreo Show Web Radio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Estreo Show Web Radio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn1thNcAqKBQ6JsXEQ7X4Ow
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Euro 90s  Dance 90s" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Euro 90s  Dance 90s
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmq_tQQCYTuXvozn4HZKDdH
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Eurodance 90s Best" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Eurodance 90s Best
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkd8v5wMyFhYdQsz4n71WLK
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Evanglica FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Evanglica FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkKEtWMD9JWjul73K3Rqfzu
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Everest FM 875" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Everest FM 875
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnimfZn9CrKTcOfW4t8k4Up
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Evergreen Web Radio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Evergreen Web Radio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm8AsyL8lBT8Cu6WU8CstL2
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Exclusiva FM SP" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Exclusiva FM SP
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl4uevPNRaCy02VeB9Ri2wU
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Experimente" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Experimente
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk_P92iZqDCLbAh1MDzig-k
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Expresso FM 1043" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Expresso FM 1043
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnZb0Sn4iU3TdHxYTqpDB0c
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Expresso Gospel" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Expresso Gospel
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkUFZurLYF3se0HdjgEpKA5
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Expresso S Forr" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Expresso S Forr
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkYkk8Qc47Zw5yXb7NQvsv9
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="F Para Vencer" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", F Para Vencer
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnV1gAf5OBxDIAXOJsaiVPo
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Fala Cunhado Web Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Fala Cunhado Web Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkhIOdbzefHCqrsRi5V1WN1
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Fama FM 885" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Fama FM 885
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlH9nIBsFpagKP1wbgGZ-jH
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Fan Mais FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Fan Mais FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkpHvuJ6jDMD3dIKq2RREAM
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Fanatica FM 1045" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Fanatica FM 1045
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnQ66HP9q2jkk0HAH2-WBHm
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Fandango FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Fandango FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmquwC1Cfs1lUInOxuOFjIC
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Fanticos Web Rdio Hitz" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Fanticos Web Rdio Hitz
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSks5sARtxdoZtlvNCmBBsXL
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Farol FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Farol FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm9-QOLVVAU_6qL7S5sgQaf
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Febre Mania" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Febre Mania
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnE6oMD8E_PuPgSXvnzZTiR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Feiticeiro FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Feiticeiro FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlH6H-h_yNgpJEGQjTsbyAD
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Feliz Cidade" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Feliz Cidade
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSliycxviPUVPD-JjwF0Tkj5
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Feliz FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Feliz FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlByaFKtmPJxvPMFu1Eilja
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Fictop Forr 2 Web Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Fictop Forr 2 Web Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmV2FbSdifPJYxx4JbdVO5-
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Fictop Forr Web Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Fictop Forr Web Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnQLxUbbMieb1oCMCN7Q3ul
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Fictop Gospel Web Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Fictop Gospel Web Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlieGLEjFBFUYtiPtoiinCj
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Fidelidade FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Fidelidade FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSltPGvGqxwBpNhe5tq06h8U
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Filadelfia FM 104" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Filadelfia FM 104
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk60dova31zq58TAz4pvdJ1
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Flash Back Total" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Flash Back Total
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmcd2JTKiUHuIXH1KqXz5hg
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Flash Mix Rdio Web" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Flash Mix Rdio Web
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmyA_Y1pOb7r6oyRkRyEfrM
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Flash WEB" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Flash WEB
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmHyNtPCaVa1WWzoFUh8ePo
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Flashback Gold Webradio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Flashback Gold Webradio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk6RnqvU1ZEOEEgaC6Lo2ml
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Flashback Manchete" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Flashback Manchete
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl8tbtk-Fmq9eavGwF-VOMM
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Flashback Manchete" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Flashback Manchete
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnkjkZkXGkgekmw1pDcsegN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Florestal FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Florestal FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlP4tHCU6RUt4Dhb6a9Hv0p
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="FM 104" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", FM 104
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmto8QRiKAlDR44AHxezhiR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="FM 1073" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", FM 1073
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkSfJXj3NCQDRTFYHaU8bIu
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="FM 903  A Rdio da Massa" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", FM 903  A Rdio da Massa
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlu4BUbHdstJSdUPJTvMyvi
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="FM 929 Cacador" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", FM 929 Cacador
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnr-imN7S1wJRQIBF9_iVLU
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="FM 951" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", FM 951
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmEpuFj5Qo57WcVKx9PWLw6
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="FM Boa Saude" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", FM Boa Saude
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlaw7ExdZR3LjfAjco_9r-H
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="FM Boca DA Mata" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", FM Boca DA Mata
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmFcjNrWgw_mjAPXjuVP93L
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="FM Cidade 97" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", FM Cidade 97
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlFjgouj8ZaQX2nW8fejVkv
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="FM Do POVO" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", FM Do POVO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlv_glxGFzyb4n9rEGZjE5N
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="FM Educativa UFMS" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", FM Educativa UFMS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlvj-xEuVV-g9y0aSspzgf_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="FM Estao Dakota" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", FM Estao Dakota
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnHgxOvCGf6hR2CY0cja0Gc
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="FM Express" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", FM Express
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnJlKb3jGZPdSgVoBeYxRhg
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="FM Gospel" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", FM Gospel
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmHXWlVDFc5jsfJoO26eUX9
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="FM Grande Rio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", FM Grande Rio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmopGGcYhpu58ZT-JWBh6fw
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="FM Harmonia 921" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", FM Harmonia 921
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlshl4rfMAeFKo8ymTpTYNv
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="FM Imperial" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", FM Imperial
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk6BlSJMxKVk6PSs3V3YpkD
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="FM Itabaiana" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", FM Itabaiana
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmTLt0ouUbDnZ_U6RSwtgsz
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="FM Itamaraty" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", FM Itamaraty
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm9WXi5_z0m17BdOu3-vdyp
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="FM Joao 23" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", FM Joao 23
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmu0nOdE7bS6tc-1MC68mYC
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="FM Liberdade" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", FM Liberdade
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnNecdd1dYJHYOEwPmoLbEx
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="FM Liberdade Belem" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", FM Liberdade Belem
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlRpDi5fb4jCtF9pFWE5zk_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="FM Meio Norte Quixada" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", FM Meio Norte Quixada
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmIoTuSDTq7jiA6BlIxwtUN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="FM Metropolitana" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", FM Metropolitana
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnEVYNRCoeDRA7NR2hvcxbC
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="FM O Dia" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", FM O Dia
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn7TeBPyS5BWLk6cTrJtJ5j
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="FM Padre Ccero" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", FM Padre Ccero
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSliYca0VEx0xxvhyvUZw3wX
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="FM Planalto 985" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", FM Planalto 985
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSklhxNX119YrCjxQvyNEcOX
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="FM Premium" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", FM Premium
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnQcudOqwBHn7mfIKDh51Yi
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="FM Rio Jaguaribe" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", FM Rio Jaguaribe
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkDS8FzzD-x45YzBd2T76PS
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="FM Sergipe" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", FM Sergipe
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmgvkFrgrCJ6JhO7DIx581H
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="FM Sertaneja 1049" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", FM Sertaneja 1049
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl0r6F4Clwqjualn8qbG99g
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="FM Sinal" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", FM Sinal
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkPt0bpLznu1N2maCthMT9k
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="FM Super Igarape 879" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", FM Super Igarape 879
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlQORbfXFl1VGoH7-9DGNAj
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="FM Verde Vale" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", FM Verde Vale
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmGfSE-VLnL5dgp5bdhi6j6
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="FM Vida 1049" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", FM Vida 1049
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlSkv-5VsVKBpBTjmMv4dmk
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="FM XiqueXique" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", FM XiqueXique
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkhxv_niCIeAMoYFlxG-f2g
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="FMWR" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", FMWR
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkqr761i-J4P4YI6tnBkab-
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="fofinhorockbar" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", fofinhorockbar
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmoAacphMjF13B4AeRheYjw
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Fogareu FM 997" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Fogareu FM 997
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnATTcqN9Qv7jNBPOkwKylP
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Folha" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Folha
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl389IFcIQVlStlu2HW5F43
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Folha FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Folha FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk5T0szMMct4EQaupwlKsOu
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Fonte FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Fonte FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkfhVvD4PFgSTF8aIXgjanu
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Formato 1049 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Formato 1049 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmnaLy3-0LdEjsmMzHPEad2
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Forro Brega" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Forro Brega
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlep6z7YRz0YTlkd7FhrOZ_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Fortaleza FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Fortaleza FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlKjL4CsDlzLRcfcADUVaY1
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Francs FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Francs FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlYSk7o8A1MQd4HH7iuSOBw
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Fraternidade" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Fraternidade
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmyxYVwJYyz3HCViCfNzPK4
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Freaking Out Radio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Freaking Out Radio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk0E7H8_xa0sOLSh7EVWlxg
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Free Sound" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Free Sound
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk_lGqbJ03n9XuikfxXfnqg
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Freestyle Beat" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Freestyle Beat
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmcWpXAnLkW-Qpf2e4m-dMK
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Frispit Radio Hits" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Frispit Radio Hits
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlXWIFCFBlK4qZ7P4v73c6_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="FS Web Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", FS Web Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlePo8hZY8QfCQugQuyb_tW
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Furb FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Furb FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmT40lUOsqY_FmiUNhhWypt
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="FURG FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", FURG FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk41SrtM1UUQklz3MnUp6k7
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Fuso FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Fuso FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl69_XUvoxI19oXgON_j73a
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="G Webrdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", G Webrdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnRhaGUA1eJ1kYLPtet6h9i
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Gabriela FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Gabriela FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl7E3ObLjSs13oELHssRekP
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Galera Club Sertaneja" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Galera Club Sertaneja
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnRNC13qOqDV1qGjxilnTh-
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Gameleira FM 879" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Gameleira FM 879
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlKlvK4I81LwSGZ0pEtRF9j
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Garage Web Radio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Garage Web Radio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlSSGyqS7myMiR1tieXf3ps
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Gargalhada Web Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Gargalhada Web Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlRb-aPjO5rrjyMIo34wrRk
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Gazeta" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Gazeta
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmExo7yNMLsABlnwvCF66Vc
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Gazeta FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Gazeta FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmozzMNNtzNAp9mEFqx_XAX
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Geracao Axe" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Geracao Axe
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmmeqqtAyLf5-AMZPjqLS_Q
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Geracao Brega Marcante" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Geracao Brega Marcante
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlf9Y00BiHGlzeb0btILZW5
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Geracao Flash Brega" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Geracao Flash Brega
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmN8EoxOG0-zeslIEJ3aoBx
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Geracao Forro" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Geracao Forro
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmqBZvcXt-n8zlxHZVU8h7L
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Geracao MPB" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Geracao MPB
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnL-dJ0P40nOIrvjvEFMoNE
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Geracao Pop" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Geracao Pop
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnxzXrNZ7-qejiONCr3MgZ7
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Geracao Reggae" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Geracao Reggae
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk2QCpDZw3QTuYDneAQN_PJ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Geracao Rock" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Geracao Rock
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnFBJillxWFDmJFtbLVjfYt
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Geracao Rodeio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Geracao Rodeio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkkNAeOSQFpxcUcFCaBGjkA
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Geracao Samba" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Geracao Samba
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlQpQStXKlWLkTY_kDfqGvw
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Geracao Sertaneja" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Geracao Sertaneja
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkOK0sDjg7Jm9toJv8p3IlK
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Germnia FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Germnia FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmwqOJLv796umfj6GwMsK5Z
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="GFM 901" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", GFM 901
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk92wTY1aZDDAwD9kmvr32S
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="GG WEB RADIO" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", GG WEB RADIO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmuQhzRlGL5XeVKs2-WIGvs
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Ghost Rdios" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Ghost Rdios
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSndXt7I0KLPRyIu5_4ODa9U
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="GK Music" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", GK Music
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlAGtCRTjlmoUtlH_5hIUcQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Gl Mix Radio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Gl Mix Radio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSklwBz44Cd8lOFbrBzXE2c5
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Goinia Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Goinia Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlTRWnRFIputlxxOPy86TFC
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Gold 94.7 FM" tvg-logo="http://flixgran.xyz:8080/images/5bb1f145afe17acf2866664fdc0f9644.png" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Gold 94.7 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnoTQj_-0Hz4aGPT3HZWSal
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Gold Web Radio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Gold Web Radio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkhFUHIShvuK5lg-2htvuSf
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Golfinho FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Golfinho FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmYY6UvCLJD5oNB1TtggEZ9
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Good Times WEB Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Good Times WEB Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnMFttltKTNri2sioM7apjh
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="GOSPEL BRASIL  WEB CHANNEL Stream" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", GOSPEL BRASIL  WEB CHANNEL Stream
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnbFgo3TmoW34d655Yx66Bp
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Gospel Ceuh Music" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Gospel Ceuh Music
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlkDZCpVNuWcwo4MvRp_qL5
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Gospel Mix SP" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Gospel Mix SP
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk0XZsTVGyD0Efs-pZfxnYM
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="GR Web Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", GR Web Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnEnl9YJF6lLfa5TjZ7Q209
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Graa Web Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Graa Web Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmtdwtkTsm-5zGwOpgTU3UN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Grande Rio FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Grande Rio FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl5xCV68bpIBOdl28cj8Qf1
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Granja Web Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Granja Web Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlhEijv4roqJeen9y7Gnf_c
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Grao Para 88 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Grao Para 88 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlZWmtKV_fCmd4QzSP-TrZB
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Great Hits Web Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Great Hits Web Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnZALPG6ViqtuNdLkaVXjzX
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Gromov Rock" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Gromov Rock
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn2Ri51Hz1vK9RdyUHn5Uv0
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Groove Mix  2 Web Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Groove Mix  2 Web Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlSgzFYi5Aigy-q4PnMars9
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="GrooveMix" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", GrooveMix
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn-5o6Yy9-394nzg6iYl16R
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Groovewebradiocom" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Groovewebradiocom
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmIjmlzkD-ON8YFxYN1Xgg6
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Guanambi FM 96" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Guanambi FM 96
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn2OmMfPcib9EmIrtv_h0I3
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Guanar FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Guanar FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlo0lehi08vemsYR1gLcIj0
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Guarabira FM 907" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Guarabira FM 907
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkdLxon7OebB5tSjGVA3PYR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Guarani Web Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Guarani Web Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmjReg8843lmTj6DIfmCZ_g
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Guarany FM 1003" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Guarany FM 1003
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmMRfRsko8l0ZUmxyWbeOPb
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Guararema FM 1035" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Guararema FM 1035
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSklUPPtRKI34NG2Bk-YTYIV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Guavira FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Guavira FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn0wFxxjT8vReH_rROWdyR1
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="GVC" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", GVC
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlDTk8j5fCljQI3oqgRSXcr
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="H Sul FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", H Sul FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmxOmbqJ08cjpba6fv30p8L
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Heavy Metal Ears Radio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Heavy Metal Ears Radio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkzbnQ7KrAMpvShRvHD-C60
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Hiperativa FM 967" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Hiperativa FM 967
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlGu_Twy4IWAV6zQxJWDiaC
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Hits FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Hits FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlCtZgi9AM-0kX7xuuttWBD
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Hits Fm Manhumirim" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Hits Fm Manhumirim
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm6dWSZ1eLqeAxw2_ciUZoI
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Hits FM Seabra" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Hits FM Seabra
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkUsiVW0uE71INUSSrgYjFh
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="HOJEFM RETR" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", HOJEFM RETR
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmAjFclPnwrDyYmt68yEo4n
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Horizonte FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Horizonte FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk1HkrWER1uUW21K3aZ7Ama
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Hot 98 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Hot 98 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmI7xaTMBArl3CqSIpsg0gV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Hot Groove Radio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Hot Groove Radio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl9dYw1D948Iz0p876TvUBp
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Hrus Rdio Web09" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Hrus Rdio Web09
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkBn157xh4rmAazCtAIIMMv
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Huge Radio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Huge Radio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmCD999KGlg10zcGsC45fey
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Hulha Negra AM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Hulha Negra AM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkKf7nGR9iaWRjgd_WwZgLh
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Humait Web Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Humait Web Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnDVA0sitsWDuH3EFf6PsYh
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Hunter FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Hunter FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn-7GbEQovXWBStsIWW4Qr_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="HunterFM  Hitz" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", HunterFM  Hitz
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSngl3V_B7XXJQlN-sRhDWQK
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="IBC Hulha Negra" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", IBC Hulha Negra
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlitUMQubILa2WkQy6eDbB8
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Ibicara Web Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Ibicara Web Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlwSwQY-gpxj4t5lyWbj_2O
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="IcorCuiab" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", IcorCuiab
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnPyB37AIeedZLBJDBAXnR1
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="IEQ Stream" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", IEQ Stream
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlysdWrVuWd4Y7GWUVssPDe
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Igap FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Igap FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnpbiMlgFcuLrgdvolZJX3J
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Iguatama FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Iguatama FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSng3lXD1rRfw9RuWmjsW8QE
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Ilha Do Mel FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Ilha Do Mel FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl6DqKPM91BJwJrzt89gSQR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="IMB FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", IMB FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmHL9O2zxn8raN8h5vVrlWu
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Imb FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Imb FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnYwQyxeUWGlEm18UXyE62r
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Imparsom FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Imparsom FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnUoEWFitBWvU6h5_bQGLZ-
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Imperial FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Imperial FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnTWYw7UO8xECJWP7pqMyXY
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Independencia 1020 AM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Independencia 1020 AM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnA7KJht9lc4WWw9kqypqa8
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Independencia FM 1065" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Independencia FM 1065
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnmaSPvFLiArLOlLNglgUkA
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Independncia" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Independncia
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlI61UH81ab_HLDrWV0Ni5D
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Inova FM Radio Web" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Inova FM Radio Web
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlwc2fa7JtKpwVWpzzZsV9a
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Inova WEB Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Inova WEB Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmOPrnTnKUxa47uHn_iOm3j
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Inpop Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Inpop Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmevBje4LrRTqpXNgc3yShB
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Integrao" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Integrao
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkuY37Z9pypeWsHrzhVEnIU
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Interativa" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Interativa
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlygNy8pL4MdM6LxFOPtOY2
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Interativa FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Interativa FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnStqUme8KLRlQ-etyg82af
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Interativa FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Interativa FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlDVTct_sVmvr2STYVrS3UQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Interativa FM 879" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Interativa FM 879
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnXTZLFtQbLPg_tF0cUgYgB
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Interativa Web Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Interativa Web Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmfAkIb8v5QP8In-KTRJ_nB
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Interligada Hits" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Interligada Hits
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnFWQs9eLFNJ9FvGSWVVY7Y
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Intersom FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Intersom FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlF1SwhJfxzFCYU8ni579q1
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Invicta FM HD" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Invicta FM HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlG6jUB4QqRhvHoeFxwwwlx
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="IPDA  Rdio Capital" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", IPDA  Rdio Capital
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlP7X2v1iFjp0R1ctRVfB6G
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="IPJC  BH" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", IPJC  BH
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn06koUxfHfkaTdYC92o8HB
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Iracema AM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Iracema AM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlWFak8rhZ0GM4gqgQ1sBWo
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Ita Web Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Ita Web Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlT4CND7Fbxo6qyoTVUAgPK
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Itacaite FM 881" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Itacaite FM 881
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSluqxQtSW7WWxeLoo4s88fM
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Itaja FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Itaja FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnpdDvh-lgrWp5GMwwsVuY3
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Itapu FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Itapu FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmYHu9ENGvDb4XBNxlbvNOk
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Itaram FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Itaram FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkLcoieBB6THgV8RayMo-wh
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Itaunas FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Itaunas FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnn2gI0yVZdZx8iaTyrLmPf
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Iva FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Iva FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmJwuDzE15dg73Efqsf26yD
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="J FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", J FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkOuGqb0TfQ2PEMhX7pdcJT
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Jaci Paran FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Jaci Paran FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl-PSn7E1G94tz1teJXmcNK
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Jaguar Mix" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Jaguar Mix
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSln9R8kETxAZnXNqTiOhkO-
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Jangadeiro FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Jangadeiro FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmyoE9CjoKMEUsT1TJna_mn
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Jarana FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Jarana FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnSdHvJEtPY1eccGB_wy9WU
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="JB FM 999" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", JB FM 999
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkRmL1NnpHZb4DUkrzQDtcF
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="JBS DJ Club" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", JBS DJ Club
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk6nFiygZk6HutmZhf9mNOk
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="JBT FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", JBT FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSks-lVbi8-eeZ3DKFzuaDAJ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="JD Web" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", JD Web
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSml-LPLDvmZxBuIvome9b9G
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Jenipapo FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Jenipapo FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkCWEfBq8eCt57xojEqOLa1
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Jequie FM 897" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Jequie FM 897
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl0H3iqreUGDQerIsB8Bqb_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Jequitib FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Jequitib FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnOrRRJo37WdZh7xYZzdo0C
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Joo Pessoa notcia" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Joo Pessoa notcia
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlM9gB6WPsQeXgcQORRfT3l
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Jovem FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Jovem FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSknpsKD98nahfpjBJfIHCaP
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Jovem Pan" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Jovem Pan
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnnqBy3mheMZvrdpEn_MSbX
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Jovem Pan 100.9 FM" tvg-logo="http://flixgran.xyz:8080/images/5bb1f145afe17acf2866664fdc0f9644.png" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Jovem Pan 100.9 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkubJ8DKa0spGQzVW_46qXG
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Jovem Pan 620 AM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Jovem Pan 620 AM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlwSrvngIuIcqRVHJd48DJj
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Jovem Pan News" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Jovem Pan News
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnRJ3CjXhfA3d20wVY9jy6u
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Jovem Pop FM  Top40Hits" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Jovem Pop FM  Top40Hits
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlIMbyYjDuprj1UrUSIer-0
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Jovem Som 95 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Jovem Som 95 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSndKRc-fh7PNxTdvtvMpheD
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Jovem Web Radio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Jovem Web Radio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl7ffGiRpzGYsdDlAkoYj7u
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="JP Gold" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", JP Gold
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnNunwLs7SM7vwiAdWwRiDv
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Jpam Web Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Jpam Web Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmTuaEBeWvg4mWYroMNxU-m
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="JTC FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", JTC FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnUi8CflOBzz8orKLYojVZ6
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Jubileu FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Jubileu FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmb2_MXZIlbzxvzX9wl8GJP
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Jucs FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Jucs FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnasp7OSYNNrLyk-2Nl3XBL
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="K8 Rdio e TV" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", K8 Rdio e TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmYYaEBt2npeplAmiodlMRz
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Kadoshi Webrdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Kadoshi Webrdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkce62KNdvTXmYnQhTDaxoQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Karachi FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Karachi FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkOzRoZNrwOQO9gzeJNMals
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Karen Koltrane Radio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Karen Koltrane Radio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlJWvFGNFISkXRGBD1odkuD
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Kariri Web Radio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Kariri Web Radio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnJVw4zPQxVpU90rSpJptcX
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Kativa FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Kativa FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmQnv-LobZpg6gbC87Hqggd
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Kativa Web" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Kativa Web
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn6r9266fJ1ErcJNy6rLoGr
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="KGBrazil" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", KGBrazil
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkD2RFVHALXKVM3PqrRzshE
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="KIIS FM Brasil" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", KIIS FM Brasil
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSliGiNR4u6PKpwUUshQfLhF
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Kula Webradio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Kula Webradio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkrPj8pT8yuka2ZBkKjlHMZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="La Sorella FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", La Sorella FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmTCJ9EPmbmJ9N4tEDKEhrR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Lagoinha Batatais Web Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Lagoinha Batatais Web Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlviFHYsyy01ugR23Y0ZpGF
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Lamartine Web Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Lamartine Web Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm1fWeNn3b4s3GZ9QS3pxQt
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Laser 93.3 FM" tvg-logo="http://flixgran.xyz:8080/images/5bb1f145afe17acf2866664fdc0f9644.png" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Laser 93.3 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlaPEtiGVqSfLaEf6e11IvQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Laser FM Catalao" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Laser FM Catalao
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSknU9j5Od9OSYOScUmYtr9g
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Latina Brasil" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Latina Brasil
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkCA4xlmP8cxKuH6pECOr5y
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Lder FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Lder FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl2lp0LURq_MPI0hNyWTSo0
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Lets Music" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Lets Music
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk8KWJh8cZKtfpLwCsqg_yV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="LG Rdio Web" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", LG Rdio Web
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnjq83TaJO2efBKAkezfyS7
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="LGBT Planet" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", LGBT Planet
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnzWLCjQ6yRuf-o3QnDMDnG
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Liberal FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Liberal FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnYvlkIr3Q7bl1QUoTMoviY
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Liberdade" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Liberdade
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlLEteWkB3j5Iy5jFFKHvrL
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Liberdade FM 92.9 MG" tvg-logo="https://w7.pngwing.com/pngs/411/470/png-transparent-red-headphones-mike-music-radio-logo-music-radio-music-radio-station.png" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Liberdade FM 92.9 MG
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmV2MOdKk-SG1RtiHHVud2U
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Liberdade FM 929" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Liberdade FM 929
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmiGZSJ7KlblWTuanJU9z1p
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Liberdade Web" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Liberdade Web
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm2St8I3VLGK1J0B9hQzYQm
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="LidderFM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", LidderFM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn3LJbQsgSd7kroMjwLzt3S
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Lider 953 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Lider 953 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkRrUUFMXyip97knBKxw844
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Lider FM Sertaneja" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Lider FM Sertaneja
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk-WEz1dIMuNUB5Ev04ZIvx
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Lider Gospel Sul Web" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Lider Gospel Sul Web
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmQ6PgeXxuOFOAuDM0yXTHk
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Liderana" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Liderana
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnArGTNVRYqKSjZ1IgT-UXJ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Lideranca FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Lideranca FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmDyGduotYEqdrO5yLT_hRm
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Lidersom" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Lidersom
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSltDQ7_Up_n4W0l2xYqRHTz
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Lirio Dos Vales FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Lirio Dos Vales FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkkKL6uNGV7y5IQy3QYeIts
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Litoral Sul FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Litoral Sul FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkG2BOxVu4VCkTEfme0wC3v
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Litornea FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Litornea FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkOX9dSex1BzD8b6zpORyN1
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Live Mix" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Live Mix
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlHDDYAJeegCP4G50I9dzrU
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="LIVRE FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", LIVRE FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnUIk50LGxrSpbqSRMCVtXz
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Livre FM 961" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Livre FM 961
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl5gmgulyzXDxYtEVFP0FC9
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Logos FM 913" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Logos FM 913
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnLYT3BmFlCJD5TayQ9Jn94
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Lopes Web Radio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Lopes Web Radio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnwObFKFlxahdpUtJLgA9de
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Louvor Fm" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Louvor Fm
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmd9Yo7Mr3lnXEXyk-4Li_p
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Louvor Real" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Louvor Real
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSklMJ1FtLQP14V8x1-uKCGs
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Love Hits" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Love Hits
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmd3SvOffwbkkfqOAT6znM6
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Love Music Web Radio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Love Music Web Radio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnMxmZg4xyLUroFdGB8ZbiP
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Love Romance" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Love Romance
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmWMZoIKb0gy8xs6OPf7BYQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Luande FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Luande FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkabTzgzB34ICeNs8vFVein
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Luz Divina Web" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Luz Divina Web
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlyIYDaUQIa0OCGuvmKAo6h
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Luz e Alegria" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Luz e Alegria
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkHh4hirHV54Xlgan4EMJRE
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Luz e Vida" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Luz e Vida
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmpr_rYZIhzGYoQ3A2QKRck
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Mac Web Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Mac Web Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkpgzc0u-P1sPIzS-4o2ly9
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Macavi FM Radio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Macavi FM Radio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnt-2T9f38r1Ugdm2a13xlY
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Macho Vi FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Macho Vi FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlBiStdsHQg5wyvx2CDTHZS
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Maia FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Maia FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkdoNROKhyr9btnGPJHVt9i
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Mais FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Mais FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm1w75dFrwhqfXrR8aamr8L
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Mais FM Web Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Mais FM Web Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkR39PruIBgtYRd5L_fKVh5
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Maisnova FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Maisnova FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk2gwkkx6Cxth4dGmoLhID6
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="MAK Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", MAK Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlWQW7Y3os6_Mh_66UQKOPf
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Manancial FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Manancial FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlyiT2YxntPsAYgwXfPywau
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Manaus Radio Web" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Manaus Radio Web
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmIIew0-FFN_NsXsm4Xxdk4
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Manchester FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Manchester FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmhJiLLE_BVrFsQ3U0H2XS7
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Mania De Mendes" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Mania De Mendes
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl0T8sD2A3mKTOOZhk7FC9M
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Mania Flash Retro Radio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Mania Flash Retro Radio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmEUp_vPTgfHNScvRXjV3fd
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Mantiqueira FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Mantiqueira FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmAlFyVvELgm9faveGtdNSE
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="MANVOX" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", MANVOX
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkYEmwHfWRmYt6UzBVCCc-A
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Mara Rosa FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Mara Rosa FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmKXqucCr87DpYqju4xNACy
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Maranata FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Maranata FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkaFsJNJr5WQ7KBcTZFSD5f
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Maranguape FM 1063" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Maranguape FM 1063
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnv5JF-6lWkD8nCJFUKACVN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Mariana FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Mariana FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl2lt0vDbEHVNyJPibIasq8
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Marques Liberal FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Marques Liberal FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlhHCObszVGFpLr1XTdj09Z
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Master Esporte" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Master Esporte
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkPorWjw-OxH9w-S5--zwhJ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Master Show TV  Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Master Show TV  Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlp6_3ewfiUXjtDjP5B-Prb
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Master Web Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Master Web Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm1metRXX3NUhlJBLTrRev4
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Mauriti Rdio Web" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Mauriti Rdio Web
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkMat2H1PkN4VAGPFA7eJxA
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Maximus FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Maximus FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnyLdMdRLfCumhmegpMMcT6
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="MB Radio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", MB Radio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlm-g0sfBKNpQFo2_SXQlS7
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="MB Rdio Love" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", MB Rdio Love
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSldl2GSxNu5cd3lVXoKVg0o
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="MB Rdio Pop" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", MB Rdio Pop
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmNpCYEVX0n8mj_xeAAuzN6
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Md Radio Web" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Md Radio Web
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnL6FnEs8U0PmcZwpEBA0N6
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Md Rdio Web" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Md Rdio Web
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSniRSOkqb1e7tg6fLyj5Sjl
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Me de Deus" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Me de Deus
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkCdI3p_ozIKJuYWS-lY04T
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Mega 102 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Mega 102 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmJ6Kn7eyN_vUD-4fKtrU81
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Mega 94" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Mega 94
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlq-NCNQXTbmw3eA8Hv4LJP
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Mega Flash Web Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Mega Flash Web Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk0IRwLodqu7x1SrkmpJqBL
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Mega FM Brazil" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Mega FM Brazil
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnxWn1MNH1auMXLrZk4O_ew
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Mega Fm Maracanau" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Mega Fm Maracanau
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkdYcmQYFHsVe32ZQe6pcdc
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Mega Fm Web" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Mega Fm Web
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmBe0vnbV2rZa9rRU9lv53j
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Mega Fortaleza" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Mega Fortaleza
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk4nymzmKCEI52o6dkVD5Ut
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Mega Rdio Ax" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Mega Rdio Ax
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl7uGBXg8bzLuU0UFe3x1RM
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Mega Rdio Bandas" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Mega Rdio Bandas
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmkA6RQ46F04zlhHLKEst9S
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Mega Rdio Dance" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Mega Rdio Dance
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmzMNHalKPaGeiU9mBS2UNi
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Mega Rdio Estilo" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Mega Rdio Estilo
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl7jY39KbsqWxLfeM4iuW6K
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Mega Rdio God" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Mega Rdio God
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkqaZbe8AvPo7qKuzORJMOM
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Mega Rdio Instrumental" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Mega Rdio Instrumental
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmmTYPNV9N0LFRJ093QHrC1
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Mega Rdio Kids" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Mega Rdio Kids
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn_sVqHWoJsQ8nCOkxgLeHA
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Mega Rdio Mix" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Mega Rdio Mix
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm6MpUT-oRM3uGhVLPslF2w
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Mega Rdio MPB" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Mega Rdio MPB
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmfYiP6Hlq5VW65GXqdYluS
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Mega Rdio Romntica" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Mega Rdio Romntica
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnn9NnmUsZ7D4KSbbLlwheh
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Mega Rdio Sertanejo" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Mega Rdio Sertanejo
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmI7ka3HE9DIyjw6WUebld8
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Mega Rdio Show" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Mega Rdio Show
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmzRzUKjxlfTwK1O1OiUs0F
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Mega Tunes" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Mega Tunes
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnvt45sJJjo99xM8dQ8sWhX
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Megahits FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Megahits FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkbGJnR4QXZodFd8SZcPoHl
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Megamix Web" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Megamix Web
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkxBCOr-K4GLubff_Uar2h1
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Megasul FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Megasul FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmX4ZAFdH3RiXr4jlgyTWVe
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Melodia Gospel" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Melodia Gospel
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmWkXDmN3DfCeJkDhoGiASV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Memory Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Memory Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlPuXPrNRo2ecCd0NDlc0Pz
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Mendel FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Mendel FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlh_v7evAIbV88--1gmLKOY
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Menina FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Menina FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk1mhZGlQWKdurC4J0Ck3RX
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="MercosulFM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", MercosulFM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkkRaEODq_OLEOVBBydB3AJ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Meridional FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Meridional FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl3tntttGSp7dlc9osa4ccR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Metal Heads" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Metal Heads
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkN0AnlVu15wW3dkGz5V390
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Metropole FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Metropole FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnbJdBpgkd7xELA26zZ_Fs-
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Metropolitan Web Radio Brazil" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Metropolitan Web Radio Brazil
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn0FGFmPUoNHozc6kd9I-4W
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Metropolitana AM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Metropolitana AM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSljMS1pddqhArOMuPUHYZDT
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Metropolitana FM 985" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Metropolitana FM 985
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkkKc1CRCEuNlJhgkrHPtml
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Metrpoles FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Metrpoles FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkZxjwofqpnptmUPB_AQ2mh
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="MGT Rdio Love Hits" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", MGT Rdio Love Hits
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnrj_11ORlf5MjbmjSTF9I4
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Micareta FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Micareta FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkMdXkc86fYB-IsGcrs5BqT
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Mid Back" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Mid Back
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnUPNKh-66ZHUwPSmHkJ6ia
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Midia FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Midia FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm_jaMoP9vlmGtbVS7BN6q9
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Midia FM Web" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Midia FM Web
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkHoH0R2_RCcnxj_3kAI71f
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Milicia Da Imaculada" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Milicia Da Imaculada
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSknLnZ87CRP29wdQyuHycdE
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Millenium  FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Millenium  FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm8SLL9DiGSE37I2jdqB29F
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Minas FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Minas FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlOR1yQnsC_Wtb0PYVAlc8k
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Minha Cidade Radio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Minha Cidade Radio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlq3-YB7C1Q-1qONAr-Zbs6
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Mirante AM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Mirante AM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn1iKejCXpGQ41i4dc8umOV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Misso de F" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Misso de F
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlgvHtaK21kOawq6HZd20uY
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Misso Em Teu Altar" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Misso Em Teu Altar
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkK9j6ZYZqUZ3KsrNpNP96K
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Mix Balada" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Mix Balada
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmD9I0uAYVJs4WIXfv9k4BE
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Mix Balada" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Mix Balada
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl5S2jtGz7LOPP3cB-ftPoC
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Mix Cidade Web Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Mix Cidade Web Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkPooxNxmzTWKfXv9KDiYzR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Mixta Web Radio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Mixta Web Radio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnDjnELMxr40DIzXcBmz6sp
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="MKK Web Radio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", MKK Web Radio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkeDCn_4a9ok1S2HJwO0moM
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="MkkWeb Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", MkkWeb Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmgybPQc530va9_buqRRgCI
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="MKS Web Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", MKS Web Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm555VPjAgC5KdErVwBY88g
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Modelo FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Modelo FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmUycaZZ2-v0Ij6PvcA2tvd
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Mogeiro FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Mogeiro FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl8JwkQSREPUdANcuJDWZxU
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Momento FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Momento FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmP4QooykIOZ1P_PZK3d7pb
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Montana FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Montana FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm0nXsfEdcH5tyxQwxuTZ-K
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Montanhes FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Montanhes FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlo4klDobe0R20GWJL3LZdl
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Monte Azul  FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Monte Azul  FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnt2LzXSgNEC3CGXoRSJ0Uo
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Monte Verde FM 1079" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Monte Verde FM 1079
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlP6ijkY_V5mK02bJKdt16c
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Montecarlo FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Montecarlo FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlxoMljIm3URJvuNOhkeZGm
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Montevideo AM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Montevideo AM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnmuVkseG2P_z_y81dNNJ8j
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Morada" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Morada
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkbDPLPZMdc4IztBqRUJW7w
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Morada do Sol" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Morada do Sol
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlcPjqpYIF5c-fADWtJ1hia
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Morada Nova Fm" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Morada Nova Fm
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn3AnS6m312L2U9MjIOiRRb
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Morcego FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Morcego FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn1z0n_xhQBi57mKM0ZAKRa
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Morena FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Morena FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlqZKmAZiniboalAgWudWzR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Movimento FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Movimento FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl8kV2OqfYq4Lj_3cBPAeT3
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Movin Radio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Movin Radio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkvKceH9KBZTNFfus2Q5dQU
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="MPX Web Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", MPX Web Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkRjw-GSuk4fuHQaHmtCTTr
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Multi FM 875" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Multi FM 875
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlrFzG8utjY6dKYM5HWFYzl
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Multisom Cataguases 550 AM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Multisom Cataguases 550 AM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnmS4OEsxpbQ035CatN2muS
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Multisom Hits 895" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Multisom Hits 895
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnPZ4L1FYyHHgBF6m8ii8_e
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Multisom Sertaneja" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Multisom Sertaneja
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmK-5Jor7WgjPqSjUYFYiqS
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Multisom Ubaense 1240 AM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Multisom Ubaense 1240 AM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlrCDPcISIrvuIMr1PdsfUN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Mundi FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Mundi FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkSMrQtTpkDgpK9rSN7pu3D
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Mundial FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Mundial FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkO0dFm37aYyMefv2WsqVsp
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Mundial News FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Mundial News FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkbaUE5gX6nmD0w7xbJvPs8
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Mundial Rdio TV" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Mundial Rdio TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSno9xMRuHvSeg-JscOjDw5k
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Mundial Web Radio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Mundial Web Radio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlfaEhsT4eWgPidaO6llj2Y
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Mundo Livre FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Mundo Livre FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl7iGEY7yNDfnD5o7N0nX7s
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Municipal FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Municipal FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlYigcSY1mZOVovg2cli_7_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Musa FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Musa FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmfmUn64qaOPatnhjwjpbnl
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Music FM 80s" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Music FM 80s
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkKTtRoMcRb5HH4kbHjnHL2
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Music FM Sertaneja" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Music FM Sertaneja
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlYid1v00RvejFz0JZUWOzz
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Music Pop Radio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Music Pop Radio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnzJZVLg1npA78rs7f3xyfX
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Musical FM Cruzeiro" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Musical FM Cruzeiro
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnc34TNpepdOcGtEWRI8h8o
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="MusicallRock" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", MusicallRock
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkhnrOuw6OsZN8NHk6_Veln
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Mxima FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Mxima FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmLx1M0DGw46WyfMT7l2Gnm
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Mxima Web Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Mxima Web Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkX323HrJHJ1WdW2gHqQX2y
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Naju" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Naju
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlzqKHpJxWHEe45WeJ9lAgm
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Naphtali WEB Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Naphtali WEB Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl8wGjg0vroeszeu8UAKEtq
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Nativa Catanduva" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Nativa Catanduva
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkiVh9qT49qFTLfdKPkiF0J
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Nativa FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Nativa FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl0lKRP98Ag4cT2WX192ssJ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Nativa FM 1027" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Nativa FM 1027
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk9p-lv5uvgv5Ho8NtzhZ4O
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Nativa Mix FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Nativa Mix FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmjRTi_CocOR-0XC-S6dxUx
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Naza FM 911" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Naza FM 911
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSksmJpfRVb_hr7Unhk0P1gU
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Nazar FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Nazar FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnsMcC7odqF7QiRoKbVRe_Q
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Neneca Sports" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Neneca Sports
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmhMLpyiSwOgHlR0RsAqOin
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Nereu Ramos" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Nereu Ramos
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkNRVzxpWbFM1f042rV4T2T
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Nero Play" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Nero Play
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkrrNk7X2M_Fp3BNZZD32Q-
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Net Play Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Net Play Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm9nIVSbOLFNmeYXaJCvQig
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Nevasca FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Nevasca FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlU8qyzvVzBpa_GILysEHQi
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="New Bless Rdio Web" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", New Bless Rdio Web
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkhr8JRQf4GmzlPxz7i_3zb
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="New Life 971" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", New Life 971
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn93Bc6CnRQDO9pii8TpMl7
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Nice Music Pop" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Nice Music Pop
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkGHifpdAR7WLzbg-nXc-sF
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Nice Music Rock" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Nice Music Rock
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkGhmgQuwpLppv_ktktY-S0
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="No Mundo do Rock" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", No Mundo do Rock
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmO8YxVoznX8rCEWPje7kge
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Nome da Radio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Nome da Radio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkZBpJG_aqPDr5Di1hi8V5F
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Nordeste FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Nordeste FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlaqcSMuBWG2kCJywBr-As_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Nossa 97 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Nossa 97 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmDFjn2w5Wqq000U7UFfzUS
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Nossa FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Nossa FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmw57wF_OGmc1F_4WzOOMfJ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Nossa FM 1059" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Nossa FM 1059
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmtNNU7n8-4jPvcW6YifeP6
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Nossa FM SP" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Nossa FM SP
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlG6ej597gP7EwJUeLTbOMR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Nossa Radio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Nossa Radio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmNK74sdZ97K1zMYR-E94rx
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Nossa Rdio Gospel" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Nossa Rdio Gospel
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmSjYYpoXO1RsNZdzo6oeTD
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Nossa Rdio Pacaraima FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Nossa Rdio Pacaraima FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlx_tTWPgtsAniK2s0olGH_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Nossa Rdio Sertaneja" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Nossa Rdio Sertaneja
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlR5fSAUjJiSJaNvGtJMyMU
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Notícia 88.9 FM" tvg-logo="http://flixgran.xyz:8080/images/5bb1f145afe17acf2866664fdc0f9644.png" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Notícia 88.9 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSljuKXRYnAEKJLrPmRxy1Qt
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Nova 89 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Nova 89 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlb_joSqqzEFlWpSr6NdKMj
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Nova 99 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Nova 99 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk0LPfBKdGBUIx_R_Ve5V80
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Nova Aliana Web Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Nova Aliana Web Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkHkugMnwKNPgd6nEvCafco
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Nova America FM 1025" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Nova America FM 1025
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmWNlU8qBOrDnokxGVwGhTR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Nova Barreiros Web" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Nova Barreiros Web
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSncOCU_8v8WKa2x6YnVDseY
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Nova Brasil FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Nova Brasil FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn7Z2FEXgQj9jCmgDS6_vBA
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Nova Dimenso" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Nova Dimenso
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk9LmVCznRqAcEdvYIWxEa5
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Nova Educadora" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Nova Educadora
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkPh9Zjlw6qlHShBxbys-6j
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Nova FM Campinas" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Nova FM Campinas
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkWfbDxGNLklZb3ip4dc5SQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Nova FM Studio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Nova FM Studio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmwqgeRBESEYg7LTP4b3y4e
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Nova Itajub" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Nova Itajub
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk6ecDYJD1MDzCVfZyxMVel
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Nova Liberdade" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Nova Liberdade
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk4K4LTP0fGSOYsJWSwF-pI
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Nova Manh FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Nova Manh FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkn0-KI_349-xufICdSHqmo
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Nova Melodia 1075FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Nova Melodia 1075FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmkGfc3TmhWxUxcbpwDXKA0
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Nova Mensagem FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Nova Mensagem FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmPq1Fu_264pymwj3MNWG1C
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Nova Onda Venecia" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Nova Onda Venecia
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn6a0tXKUvuiAA4UPHBEiSV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Nova Rdio Cultura" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Nova Rdio Cultura
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm_832dkpzOyBamd9wqSALm
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Nova Rdio Vale" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Nova Rdio Vale
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlwJydj6-PTHzdMTZu7M0qx
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Nova Rdio Web" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Nova Rdio Web
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm4nuqe1HKcMnuahI5L1cyT
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Nova Revoluo" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Nova Revoluo
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnOt-K6XlP2qjnTBl3_xQB6
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Nova Revoluo Gospel" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Nova Revoluo Gospel
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm4Tw1f1iETyQ-Itw_fsnJZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Nova Sertaneja" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Nova Sertaneja
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSktW7vbwXozO6nCvhGiTI_l
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="NOVA TIMBABA FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", NOVA TIMBABA FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk_5yQiEG7qDWn-OvU5WS0I
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Nova Tropical Fm" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Nova Tropical Fm
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk5osCg37ir5EbuMSZy4YuC
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Nova Veredas" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Nova Veredas
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSliKCnbkkFjsL1MPx9OIj1p
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Nova Vida STZ Web Radio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Nova Vida STZ Web Radio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn4XDR2nQUjHLnQYCaL127W
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Nova Web Rdio Parelhas" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Nova Web Rdio Parelhas
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm206MscdTyjP_5EDSaZ_J-
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Novo Corao" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Novo Corao
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnIzk9oBT3PRjl3xhqFtJ6I
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Novo Dia FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Novo Dia FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlSY9LPEI5P544Dnjo--DXM
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Novo Sol FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Novo Sol FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlKgRzPhD_fBC4m7FQOvGwP
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Novos Talentos Vila Renacer Fm" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Novos Talentos Vila Renacer Fm
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmQ4AsDKg4Pj8PTfkXtu9oD
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="O Diario Independente" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", O Diario Independente
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkEhDrK2oZbfzYME-sR-S2G
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="O Melhor da Msica" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", O Melhor da Msica
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSloUiaNnMQGYF0QjTUc_NLo
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="O Som Da Capital" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", O Som Da Capital
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlD27npbo7TePRBXbw8EzzR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="O Som Da Capital" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", O Som Da Capital
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlE8M0TEY69KETnQmgKbgDH
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="O Som Mgico dos Anos 70" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", O Som Mgico dos Anos 70
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlsrD8BRkZIx0k_UaQNFJD9
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Odissia FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Odissia FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn5T8vBHeshQg9MWXjOM2SL
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Oeste FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Oeste FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlNWwncHc4MS0QsV1KnaVu6
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Olinda FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Olinda FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm7ZqGSNrJQJ1jqwJxeFo-6
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Omega Fm" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Omega Fm
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkq1_FgUqhQ9h2PjV0eQSd4
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="On TV Brasil" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", On TV Brasil
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmg-J78fsjit0Q1WcPE7DCp
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="On Web Rdio Gospel" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", On Web Rdio Gospel
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnDRHJ9daaebxV47ta0LWop
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Onda Futura Web Radio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Onda Futura Web Radio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlsFDb27Oq__8AIvM4qR-Tf
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Onda Jovem" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Onda Jovem
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnSilmClmeaafJeEYGG3GIQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Onda Sul" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Onda Sul
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlQWMBzjwMvEjwUWcWVTRUj
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Onda Sul FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Onda Sul FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlUSGI-GhsPG77tFPCrM7T6
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="One FM Brazil" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", One FM Brazil
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmJrMaedD_6PXKrBN0YpvcR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Opo FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Opo FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnX5BOnMZTcEMv2a1-kKvf0
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Orquidea FM 987" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Orquidea FM 987
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl9DNVNdEiWeEEiYkf3EsmB
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Osasco Rdio Web" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Osasco Rdio Web
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnhaulxHJI-vMnP2CGkib0w
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Ouro Branco FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Ouro Branco FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlXFpcDjbJO9bhhTnqZNUF0
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Ozanam Web Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Ozanam Web Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlAgmuxDx1SYJ9odpkcLBH3
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="P Vermelho FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", P Vermelho FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSllNSmexLFHTCxkDep57zsB
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Paes Estdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Paes Estdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkszbPoGzaaF_EIQgm6lbw3
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Pagode FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Pagode FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnVBAcZjTa5e-Kt-PQZmB3c
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Painel de Controle Web Radio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Painel de Controle Web Radio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlHQjOs4pZmA4Z1jXzLd1HL
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Paiquer FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Paiquer FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlfNVKFc7iEJWPoqkQu3nG-
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Paixao FM 879" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Paixao FM 879
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmgfWdmu6zGfMiicPQm9_mg
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Palmeira FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Palmeira FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkROjJRUoNgcp_85O-2vGzU
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Panamby FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Panamby FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSld14KsaFR5zLwkD0bTzJcJ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Panema FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Panema FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnqmpxemOuRCi1_acvosOaE
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Panter FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Panter FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn23cLVznxebha1EtJAESBM
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Paparazzi Web Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Paparazzi Web Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnWn1R6KzDeTMSE6O5Ft6bQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Par FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Par FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnXUcSgIHJocrssHc5DQf_G
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Parado Sertanejo" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Parado Sertanejo
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnLufyM_RE1xv1MgJ1eZrlR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Paraense FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Paraense FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkqmTKUCBFyxZUUOoDapWfQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Paraguassu FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Paraguassu FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkp8hdd81HoJmOmOSmbIXEE
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Paranoia Web" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Paranoia Web
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkT1tmoKU91GzRnmvYHyW1Q
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Paraso FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Paraso FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkcFWgBVqYb2eVXAumIn4zk
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Paraso WEB Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Paraso WEB Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmEeQavmmATOpLi9ekSL7ih
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Parecis FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Parecis FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkjxccULwaiXwn8vjeQtQTY
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Parecis FM 98" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Parecis FM 98
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm7AeAP7z9tjkHvkjyFVQcP
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Paris FM 879" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Paris FM 879
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnCi6hHWc1sUX8va72x5-fA
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Paudalho FM 98" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Paudalho FM 98
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkhYSw8MYyqqWT_VBLBe1hM
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PAUL IN RIO" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", PAUL IN RIO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkqISQy42tIG5s2bFhKrvc2
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PAUL IN RIO RADIO" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", PAUL IN RIO RADIO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnK2NRWUGQoRHU1GOZOXJhx
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PaulinRio Radio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", PaulinRio Radio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmY938tRt5Kxk_jZzdk3G6u
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Paz FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Paz FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkAk0SKv8qJXXar050aHZ6u
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Pedra Rara Webradio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Pedra Rara Webradio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnQTPqK5LrRjycLtJijQnyo
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Penedo FM 973" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Penedo FM 973
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnK-zvmyu_XPuRHNaDNN6f1
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="People Web Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", People Web Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmPqtkdCrRaWvYV1URpKHXs
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PEPERI AM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", PEPERI AM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnO_wkuqlcr7wNnKqkIUNCk
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Pericuma FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Pericuma FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl9dYgHj4IRTAYl2ro0f6uO
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Piat FM 943" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Piat FM 943
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlw4BQJmrNJF-K6hHHdTzfu
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Pinhais FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Pinhais FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkH2IrKsm_4-vFKbAMQdrGj
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Pinhal FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Pinhal FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlX2gW1vu8y1HNJbxRXhoX_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Pinhal Rdio Clube" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Pinhal Rdio Clube
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkw9eflbZ2TZO52lsK9540M
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Pioneira FM 1049" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Pioneira FM 1049
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmHkkK8gi2CnACIWaEO3LZ-
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Piraju Rdio Clube" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Piraju Rdio Clube
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSknc1N735SL6sM6ErmOkeyX
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Piratininga AM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Piratininga AM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnmhs_XC7DYI8_9WyaJJfj-
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Piseiro FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Piseiro FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkekVKQwjpce_KQDWmr6Owz
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Pitiguara FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Pitiguara FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSketzKAfJCX70cH1o6YCsPv
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Pixelados" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Pixelados
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkVlGqO7ZjN-aP_dsGGF7iH
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Planeta FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Planeta FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm3OE9HQVIyB84457wzlqGi
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Planeta Hits" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Planeta Hits
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk0KPNaJRNHWfNvQFK8Wnk9
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Planetrios Digital Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Planetrios Digital Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSml1G5ofP9gyKBVeJGjOf_t
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Play Web Radio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Play Web Radio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl4PkPOpA80I1U8LObZDe3i
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Ponte FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Ponte FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkYXN7uo73cyIMReZOTkz_r
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Ponto Norte FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Ponto Norte FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmWImdcszTSJ0kiKqRglMad
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Pop  Rock do Brasil" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Pop  Rock do Brasil
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmVfF4m5of9YMixrIRbRcmZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Pop 88 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Pop 88 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkOVQJAqFWe3daX9umZiERM
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Pop Mix Radio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Pop Mix Radio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl9WqjQ5pI8ZyVf8r9yTcii
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Pop Music Anos 90" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Pop Music Anos 90
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmfqvJOYwCj6XFNnVJYCk2v
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Pop Music Light Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Pop Music Light Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmdnPCHi1fRR0SqDuAO66uz
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Pop Music Love" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Pop Music Love
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmIfCyLycohk86uO4gzNxiu
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Pop Music Web Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Pop Music Web Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmcHUUawlYbXijWb58K75rN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Pop Rock Brasil" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Pop Rock Brasil
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnaQA4Z1Z16AHjOLtDVsFNk
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Poper" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Poper
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm5XWX9PMP4SdjgBFrn7hJ-
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Portal" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Portal
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSledjgF1cP3ZaqO_1-RwPfj
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Portal Clube do Rei" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Portal Clube do Rei
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnX5GeXi1tY92LqYAW8LLMA
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Portal Cristo do Brasil" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Portal Cristo do Brasil
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl_PXOZBhssmYmFnWdjYkt4
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Portal do Gueto" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Portal do Gueto
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkIvex3_ztNxiU3Sci4umB5
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Portal FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Portal FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlsKNIz_FC1fqG9QtObrKK_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Portal Sul FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Portal Sul FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn807-i_INCgPPlURkIaU81
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Portal WEB Gospel" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Portal WEB Gospel
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmB5j5hcjpFkoF9ve-_wFoH
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Porto FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Porto FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlsa6LP_q2xA5dIScQOaios
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Positividade FM 104.5 RJ" tvg-logo="https://w7.pngwing.com/pngs/411/470/png-transparent-red-headphones-mike-music-radio-logo-music-radio-music-radio-station.png" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Positividade FM 104.5 RJ
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlxcTuXwAsIgFiLQTst1egC
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Power Kpop Web Radio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Power Kpop Web Radio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm15NmTxMBfdEym5lfp4SWv
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Power Mix Web Radio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Power Mix Web Radio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkMSihLW3B7SPJYPFqFBp7f
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Prainha Web Radio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Prainha Web Radio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn4OQu1HtP5jYM6AgJAdiWY
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PreFM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", PreFM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmZMJuF1i-4cnEqztVbi7oN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Premier Dance Radio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Premier Dance Radio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkQZpji5inspWO6iCqcV9oB
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Primavera FM 879" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Primavera FM 879
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn-iRcpWM7-1AH3KWfuLURu
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Prime FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Prime FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnWYDPrWZMe07-6owqqN5ab
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Primeira FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Primeira FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkKq-CNps7ABTuGCIBUlEbi
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Primeira FM 983" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Primeira FM 983
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmu-VCGASBzGw2o3wtxjFP4
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Princesa" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Princesa
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm2qUk9kKeVy8bfnDxMSF-S
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Princesa FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Princesa FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmxS-b-nhCRfwCr0WyFUqzq
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Princpios Web Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Princpios Web Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm2G0cmgvpLdKPbG1x3VqP1
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Privilege Web Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Privilege Web Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnFDsdKoDRV8yyzVOJb97Cg
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Profetica Das Maravilhas Web" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Profetica Das Maravilhas Web
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnIjQtn5mR0B6qX_ywPiZBu
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Programa Vem Viver" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Programa Vem Viver
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkNHuZjIk6rwrSHFMlQ8boD
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Progresso AM 610" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Progresso AM 610
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmVW64iitH_lxoMzfcRlSTD
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Proviso FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Proviso FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkxzTJwuRuXs7RczsvnB0KL
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Provncia FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Provncia FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlWFx3d8fwKw9A4VLOeLGZX
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PS Amigos da Rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", PS Amigos da Rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm0R0We2rZuFXBRW9o0mmiw
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Punk Live Fm Web rdio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Punk Live Fm Web rdio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSluI9p4PydkM9aQm3dPR-ot
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="QBradeira Black" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", QBradeira Black
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnP7WrjfjeVpWNMJSDw0Ugy
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="QRdio de Linhares" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", QRdio de Linhares
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSluFivVUIFHy653VO6Boe-u
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Queluz FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Queluz FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmESlXZnFRmCsXyH4muJ2v1
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Querncia" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Querncia
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmegL-HFtbvc76UU2N0Gu1e
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Quissam FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Quissam FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn8mSOaCfNHtS91Bxn12Eqi
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Quissama FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Quissama FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn1XWDlClJbkOV2AZfKQCuQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radial FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radial FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmkX35DJwdbU7Bd_DTq8P8y
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radiante Recreio Radio Web" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radiante Recreio Radio Web
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnHVPEI5-NJRQ6mnWc5tWTx
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="RadiAtiva" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", RadiAtiva
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSngBrJEJxbJuNgEiZM-Syrf
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radical FM Ponte Nova" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radical FM Ponte Nova
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkQJy4Hkpv-K_wdKasby2vG
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio 103 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio 103 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlCM4jdo8j2usQWGQwPLd3x
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio 1047 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio 1047 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmYIpofYpM0FIyoqzLPuBrC
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio 1049 FM Concordia" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio 1049 FM Concordia
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmuB5x1vQzkwXiJjOpLiyYW
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio 105 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio 105 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnTiswcNHpIgeaYwMIjSA-8
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio 107" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio 107
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmGmFllkUEl73627NR-K5m_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio 54" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio 54
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlCP3VVqVKCF7khdIrYkQUY
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio 730 AM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio 730 AM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnSp2O2qBjaQUuRrvFh4lhx
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="RADIO 77H FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", RADIO 77H FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlmQfC1I_cs6xomNnALGC6P
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio 80 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio 80 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmebj3Mz2L5-UnG6WMyc1qX
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio 80 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio 80 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmA329bX2zwZ-A3SYNErAEd
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio 80 Nacional" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio 80 Nacional
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmAf8j2htQf4YiF70gXLB9t
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio 80s Best" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio 80s Best
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn8ycVcSNEIDk0cMtHQWSi3
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio 80s Best 1" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio 80s Best 1
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk1ozLTetfg-BxuCF40WnsV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio 80s Best 2" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio 80s Best 2
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn6N3Bqza5F-yQHUnyqH1Mw
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio 80s Best 3" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio 80s Best 3
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl7OBj6RH8K_k23KLzdavsf
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio 87 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio 87 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnd919nPgyr1OdDW3M9s2qn
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio 887 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio 887 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkGXw4agTZznaIC9DPEUQnZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio 92 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio 92 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmNuCBEi5vrTaSVgZND_N1I
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio 93 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio 93 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm62Y08sMgU_cWKW9cj1fot
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio 95 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio 95 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmb9wnKKuifPnFdk-nWRKtL
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio 957 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio 957 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl2v8wSgXVP37ADQMc1tAyo
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio 96 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio 96 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnOIlHLeW-5bw0j7ZitcaPj
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio 96 FM Muria" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio 96 FM Muria
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSntx_YGw6H4Hu5Sh-2JQCOw
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio 961 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio 961 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmo6Y4XQ-Co5tc5cPzkC5LZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio 977 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio 977 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnLzYV8u1lHY_07nRIfrG50
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio 98 FM Rio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio 98 FM Rio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnvnYyaCCZ71jtmgPX3aCHz
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio a Cabo Luminense" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio a Cabo Luminense
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkFACs1dgv9f8pD-LkfJLM7
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio A Nova FM Rede Aleluia" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio A Nova FM Rede Aleluia
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmzk2fSUoZYhe9rv6prGCLN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio A Tarde FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio A Tarde FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSngJisE5Kk0uZN620HZ3VBN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio A Voz FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio A Voz FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSli_ET4QZDSOwHupqy3jRvK
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio A Voz Vicentina" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio A Voz Vicentina
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnuiBr_2Y3tQuYy81bquHuD
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Abrao Gospel" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Abrao Gospel
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlLZOImgGVUH-hO9U-oExnL
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio AD Icoaraci" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio AD Icoaraci
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl0mpQ556UWPyDGRBcXZhRg
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio AD Itabaiana SE" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio AD Itabaiana SE
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnPDEbV3QOvct4V4hn7-dKh
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio ad Piaui" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio ad Piaui
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmk8mSp2mULzwnFRkLj9iBe
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Adespigo" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Adespigo
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnPLYGG41RUK2ipeOQS9fBe
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio ADM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio ADM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn7JrJXgT_Ug43uuu7P01ol
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio ADMRJ" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio ADMRJ
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkRNoL5KqY4vlDuFyCmem83
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Adonay FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Adonay FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnEIuOpSoYE2V2gcMEdK9ez
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Ailonecom" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Ailonecom
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnHYg_B_TBMYJB4DAmjoGFT
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Aki 1" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Aki 1
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmXfItvuj7z9HleBBnfMaES
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Aliana Com O Cu" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Aliana Com O Cu
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkH9GAEGHUbCG4mmBCMnE6I
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Aliana FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Aliana FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlAZiYlar_jaShQlbI0vOaC
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Alianca Noticias" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Alianca Noticias
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnlHihgXJjzfvDvDFWnQjd0
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Alphagospel" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Alphagospel
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn7uO3v23YvYJDgaGYx7HoE
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Alternativa Difusora de Cubati" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Alternativa Difusora de Cubati
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkCBuWG-NGutIBNT4fc1D9n
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Alternativa Gurinhem" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Alternativa Gurinhem
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkGcQoccS2fnlDdkin5c59Z
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Alternativa Venda Nova" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Alternativa Venda Nova
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk90ef75anaHlEn3W2aTx-p
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Alto Astral" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Alto Astral
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlBj2EPDxyXQ635mNq1F3IS
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Alto Uruguai 970 AM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Alto Uruguai 970 AM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmj8S8nycS-TuUrU5Nvvduj
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Alto Uruguai FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Alto Uruguai FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkx1HEWoVvYgQR5ilOckmjH
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Alvorada AM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Alvorada AM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmGE5dfGv5gQi3E2_fg9bzE
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Amazing Arts" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Amazing Arts
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkx_VRTEW1uj9ce5rwcNVND
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Ambiente Suprema" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Ambiente Suprema
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnbv_SPKFBhzFyVywOpIByZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio AMCN Web" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio AMCN Web
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnHd7TNCgUgtzhMyHDCaQDU
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Amigos do Flashback" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Amigos do Flashback
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnQWPVUDC7TydIy8aIO1Dkg
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Amigos do Sertanejo" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Amigos do Sertanejo
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkO-W_ZX465Fm3-jDfLkQ4r
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Amigos FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Amigos FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmP5tsIycjWeM_bEVrHabqe
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Amme Eventos" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Amme Eventos
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlA0JKXUZTK4UEeVdxs5KfQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Amor e Graa FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Amor e Graa FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmUXCAmECD-qGgbIF_VXq0T
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Anchieta FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Anchieta FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl8oRcwswkqMtfMi4j3vDa_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Anos80" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Anos80
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlzGsx__otRkS6xREKSSzcI
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Antena 1 FM 103.7 RJ" tvg-logo="https://w7.pngwing.com/pngs/411/470/png-transparent-red-headphones-mike-music-radio-logo-music-radio-music-radio-station.png" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Antena 1 FM 103.7 RJ
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl08wUCtpQdaDoAxRQN_J-O
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Antenados Gospel" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Antenados Gospel
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkHJWVjcWOJGZrHJP34lFeg
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Aparecida" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Aparecida
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmhCLVa3O1DapF9ge6CCM41
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Aparelhagem Brasil" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Aparelhagem Brasil
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlSfoKnCPDse3quKYBp2aKL
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Apiuna" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Apiuna
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSll_Gp7UPwJUib93KQd2-8s
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Apocalipse" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Apocalipse
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlrV92Uje45ad6c5d6jT9jE
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Aquarela FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Aquarela FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkUZ4Cgl11K87b6hp5jfDHn
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Aracaju Gospel" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Aracaju Gospel
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmvqt7EitMpmcsWICTP9UlZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Aracaju Mix" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Aracaju Mix
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnuI3F_GKqTYxflbw9rclcA
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Araras FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Araras FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkDcqsUIUkWBbEeXcktNnM7
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Aratuipe FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Aratuipe FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmdzUO1fiAMuE9ZLHMpOB1K
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Areias" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Areias
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkvqT9mawXQv3G80MbnfUTy
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Arquimedes" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Arquimedes
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSna6eownjUwEcowChy-5_Ig
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Arraial FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Arraial FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmk79vmodt1JioVvm1Y07CA
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Asia Mix" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Asia Mix
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnClGxsMLpP-hD7eJJK7dbw
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Assembleia de Deus" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Assembleia de Deus
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnEbdnvmaBsfkUwca61mkhI
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Atitude Gospel" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Atitude Gospel
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlXf_1aqzCc-zGPb1MgZglY
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Atitudes Online" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Atitudes Online
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn2LIEXmy3eXPtK-yo1Kq7I
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Atividade de Campos" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Atividade de Campos
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlA_TCEBePHNksSU0xkUXu0
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Autodromo" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Autodromo
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlLWZTGSXtzkuqeksLDJ5oJ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Avante" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Avante
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmFcbFYj2QQ1JTQbl5Ah3vu
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Aviva Web" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Aviva Web
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlDuVppbQrRTo6wWKEj9r-P
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Avivafe" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Avivafe
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnkxiMMmPfl0Z3I7qK6EKyu
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Avivar" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Avivar
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmtUgwWk5SoBU6eZCzqLOVs
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Ax Mania" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Ax Mania
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnaQlgx1YcfvrEnGL4f3_CD
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Bacabal FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Bacabal FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkMc0FkDrpQHQGsOOGyCv3T
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Bagual" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Bagual
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnqhYcKUQthRmT4gwo2w-IU
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Bagual" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Bagual
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm2gsN221aPB9QGmM2BGaRa
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Bandeirantes Tabajara FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Bandeirantes Tabajara FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlxuSyC0Xcz993sgPgdzSd4
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Barreiras AM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Barreiras AM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSknpnRyXeVvpzBqGvsAFQSd
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Bass FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Bass FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlpXk0QnJ0djXFHOLyJRMyC
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Beach Park" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Beach Park
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnzyxcx_y9tAvgDpqRF7nxH
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Belos Vales" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Belos Vales
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl0hfIzTKwGsyrN0iCFAv2U
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Big Love" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Big Love
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnZ_tNPSE67Nbqh8k6z4tkf
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Big Mix" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Big Mix
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmimHyxOXctMdGwfnZOVdlE
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Biss" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Biss
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlwNDaEJ9uDeMyYJKNDZ3Cp
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Black Time" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Black Time
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnI--DkApnuv17xjXjnGJwT
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Black1Pop" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Black1Pop
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl1xPVC8mzQGGnIFVekAb4z
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Black1Pop Hip Hop" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Black1Pop Hip Hop
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmGbcv-gOjPNaN-nEAN8GW7
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Boa Nova FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Boa Nova FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl8E7OEBh27XgszQbx89kKx
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio BobRock" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio BobRock
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnPefJEkkWMmEmkWgq5R6Rb
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Bom Jesus" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Bom Jesus
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkGRzFmzd8TeCEDby-SVKVs
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Bons Tempos Fm" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Bons Tempos Fm
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlBGKpbMkLhK2VkgdvG_ALB
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Brasil 1" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Brasil 1
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkHwYToGcdjgcAl2-zUmdsa
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Brasil Atual" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Brasil Atual
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmNKMPWgBo0KMUzrRkT0mD3
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Brasil Campinas" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Brasil Campinas
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSliyJPhIXC_TDTbUJ7FRzgQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Brasil FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Brasil FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnYsVErTQuowLGcksPGIrzB
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Brasil FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Brasil FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkeZvIkGeLMkThVL0m_fJyO
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Brazilian FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Brazilian FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn0_5eHP7K88JVpojsHbafh
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Brooklin" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Brooklin
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSny1SoO7yzDOy5cMJ4Db3hi
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio BSD" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio BSD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmuPbjvDqj9mzTOC5rHWJpv
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio BWR" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio BWR
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnbnxuk4cHUw574Ir4u_B7S
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Cabina" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Cabina
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkKTn6mpnzLa__f7z67V11k
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Cabo Frio Rock" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Cabo Frio Rock
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn3YqEwedrG_u93WEK4qrxu
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Cabrito" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Cabrito
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSku4C62OmabcsIkeA-mIuwH
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Cajueiro Fm Deus Provera" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Cajueiro Fm Deus Provera
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnyXpVTdopDUcl1Yy3bzBmY
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Caldas FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Caldas FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm1JbPAAp08snAzl5qosN5O
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Campeira FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Campeira FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkXTYi4xHBJDzdF9rAXlyll
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Campeiro" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Campeiro
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkeMMu9RsR3g55rFEKBHmJQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Campereada do Sul" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Campereada do Sul
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSllJK-qk8967yOXs4VJGpo3
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Campinas 1460 AM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Campinas 1460 AM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnA2CfXyeW4PZDDCebaAIT1
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Canal Ex" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Canal Ex
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkY3EopikzeCoYOM8ZIVALK
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Canal Livre Pop" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Canal Livre Pop
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmPThIl9QyEW-0rfecO-Sdr
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Capital Gospel" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Capital Gospel
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnnUldiiuoisrl0WkGR4pZE
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Carajs" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Carajs
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlyI_p08IGEGmL7aC-uF4GF
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Cariri 1160 AM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Cariri 1160 AM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSluYsH4oyHHiIzblu4IegBd
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Carreiro Web" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Carreiro Web
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn37r5WBNT2zd6fySOjZ3a5
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Casablanca Turismo" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Casablanca Turismo
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkPGBQg_KlWZnEM3lPhxizB
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Cassino" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Cassino
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk8-Wh39R5GjPtDqmQPK-jX
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Castro Alves FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Castro Alves FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnUt_XWeQPJf7YgQtX9qiBe
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Catedral So Judas Tadeu" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Catedral So Judas Tadeu
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmoj27Bf6uAmvEuwbpJD3ds
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Celinauta" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Celinauta
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkaBsVi50BE6KyRFWWmilbd
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Ceres" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Ceres
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSki7UgBHvZipOhz-2WRGUjG
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Chama Viva" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Chama Viva
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlF-SOYpO-Hx6kkijHTFnJ7
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Chapeco" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Chapeco
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkGdDJhSONVTxqXA_AHKi3Z
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Charme" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Charme
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmiyexNRvFQg2aPZf2tp3Ti
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Cidadania Minas" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Cidadania Minas
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkGsm-cjTkH7NQiqsPEDDNA
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Cidade 10" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Cidade 10
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkTUr-btooPHkaKLy1PjWkZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Cidade Anapolis" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Cidade Anapolis
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk1FZVaD_P0VdbQi7BO2rzd
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Cidade em dia" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Cidade em dia
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlurd15ztEjkrG3fXkXC683
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Cidade FM 107" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Cidade FM 107
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkdUZn1gXxCAt_dRzFNyoEQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Cidade Fm Oline Brasil" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Cidade Fm Oline Brasil
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmztYXdWYOfuLCaUHf_K0i1
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Cidade Litoral" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Cidade Litoral
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn2Cno45pDXBy0Mm-0v4zZC
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Cidade Luislndia FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Cidade Luislndia FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk2XBEMHevm-oZBs8hKxt07
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Cidade Mix" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Cidade Mix
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlRjIM5f3_8WZx_4gyveLFl
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Cidade Ponto Love" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Cidade Ponto Love
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkRDqF3E-oGYFFlBfrDA8YB
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Cidade Verao 1049" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Cidade Verao 1049
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkOqGY_FGCXb-Ti95ECZlXJ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Cidade WEB" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Cidade WEB
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkPXsFzLPZTjUMvET5J3IvK
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Click Appear" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Click Appear
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkcuTXw5YTpZ2HApwpbg4DW
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Clssicos da Msica" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Clssicos da Msica
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmzbPOI_Db5DFlWZhksfFp7
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Clube de Blumenau" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Clube de Blumenau
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlMWTHwxE7-LQj-fk9vmjft
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Clube de Indaial" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Clube de Indaial
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmZPd7yVStETvh4EXOgQt5N
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Clube de Maraba" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Clube de Maraba
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmNfwo88ty3FaTOs-RABF1L
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Clube de Maraca" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Clube de Maraca
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnm9ZX7JVDV1kKWr2wQBi6g
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Clube do Forro" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Clube do Forro
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlT5t6nRInEi3GZymwHxvJz
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Clube do Masico" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Clube do Masico
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkQkzzcLhU_IxXg4JDgltDm
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio FM O Dia 100.5 RJ" tvg-logo="https://w7.pngwing.com/pngs/411/470/png-transparent-red-headphones-mike-music-radio-logo-music-radio-music-radio-station.png" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio FM O Dia 100.5 RJ
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkRKAZwLqV-21iauho2JIc6
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Gold Instrumental" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Gold Instrumental
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmltH9ye52L9IExKK2cR9TM
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Mais Forra" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Mais Forra
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkCOAI_NSlx0AOltSrC7a16
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Melodia FM 97.5 RJ" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Melodia FM 97.5 RJ
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlTccBvOAik_NgJKi_h8Xu_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Nova Sul Fluminense FM 96.1 RJ" tvg-logo="https://w7.pngwing.com/pngs/411/470/png-transparent-red-headphones-mike-music-radio-logo-music-radio-music-radio-station.png" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Nova Sul Fluminense FM 96.1 RJ
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk9eN1U7gkA373ymmNaEm3S
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Paranaiba FM 100.7 MG" tvg-logo="https://w7.pngwing.com/pngs/411/470/png-transparent-red-headphones-mike-music-radio-logo-music-radio-music-radio-station.png" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Paranaiba FM 100.7 MG
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlxzlfgw1gDHb8l67Yj-im7
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Perfeito Louvor essa a boa em todo lugar" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Perfeito Louvor essa a boa em todo lugar
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSndnCvjSAniTeYZiQO0LxpC
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio PlenoFm" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio PlenoFm
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmeDE_HQbGWLQZW3Ql0RYwa
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio So Flashback FM RJ" tvg-logo="https://w7.pngwing.com/pngs/411/470/png-transparent-red-headphones-mike-music-radio-logo-music-radio-music-radio-station.png" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio So Flashback FM RJ
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmbp_IkvfOd1Tmkk6IYHcWI
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Sociedade FM 104.1 RJ" tvg-logo="https://w7.pngwing.com/pngs/411/470/png-transparent-red-headphones-mike-music-radio-logo-music-radio-music-radio-station.png" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Sociedade FM 104.1 RJ
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSklBbUzajzhcJEyrC2nqHO1
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Sulamerica Paradiso FM 95.7 RJ" tvg-logo="http://flixgran.xyz:8080/images/5bb1f145afe17acf2866664fdc0f9644.png" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Sulamerica Paradiso FM 95.7 RJ
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlMlIYsktp0j2sthvbIEVlF
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Transamerica POP FM 100.1 SP" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/r42lGcgZ5Es0LIcsPesT21fyY32wzG5yuCnf9x8yMgS3wDTIAAqq8lF27bHd9zu0PKTdHzILZ9wgMiCZexPnjOxBGK2FOx8NF1zGMbRNJ78.png" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Radio Transamerica POP FM 100.1 SP
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn_MYugqXO3LhEjE5v6d6fO
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="RDC" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", RDC
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmi_0fMA0dL0Wm6nE7YKpxY
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdia web eou" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdia web eou
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmLdCE9DVf2AvYyoXh03vds
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio  Aliana" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio  Aliana
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnCIbM3ikcYQ0TbBM1OVZso
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio  Viva FMES" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio  Viva FMES
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmeW8tQ_pPOwji3nipe7kcV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio 013FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio 013FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmcMrXCLbT-gWedZBDZn9Q1
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio 10 Online" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio 10 Online
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkC609J6BsowjtfWfXRu8fC
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio 101 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio 101 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlINT8eBb4-UCahdt1MPk0u
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio 102 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio 102 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn9XzinYhtj5M-jIZjIQ4Mh
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio 1027 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio 1027 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmOhl-XQiS-6CY6aIiQvDw6
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio 104 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio 104 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSny9eBH1JGeylZ5lIWpu14l
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio 1049 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio 1049 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl6BLGPB3rYEehJ0tdwookZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio 106 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio 106 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl9FnujgWYp_b5bywJMkkaR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio 1067 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio 1067 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkjOGOp6f-QSLb8I0wy9_zI
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio 13 de Maio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio 13 de Maio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkd9IhiYQRynKjTrmJN8cGb
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio 14" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio 14
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl5Jm0D11zC0qarKIRUPAP-
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio 14 de Julho" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio 14 de Julho
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnA7Tt-zDCZ2qGegZmMv38H
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio 3 Colinas" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio 3 Colinas
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm7ASXxiQLw-fySrElVZh9X
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio 3 Coraes FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio 3 Coraes FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSls8zD4uSzHvYvnPBy06Def
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio 3 Pontas FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio 3 Pontas FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnPiqptQr0U1kRov7qXskvd
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio 3VL" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio 3VL
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm1LUyVta5gFm63ppEmw-PZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio 4 Estaes" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio 4 Estaes
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkBxwN0c4H-Tr6S98PEyN_Y
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio 4 Talentos" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio 4 Talentos
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmIvLCG9pAMlq0ZSklm-Efj
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio 4 Tempos" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio 4 Tempos
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkEHEPbefyW_DU7g_aDPB1O
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio 4465 Apg FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio 4465 Apg FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlwr8jdDagNGfzxCGs6w6OS
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio 54" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio 54
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnD-D_Hr1WXFp9Kd8maxBgP
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio 600 Blue Med" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio 600 Blue Med
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmyzYxflbMv1Rjil3kU7tIH
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio 7 Colinas FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio 7 Colinas FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm-vfkaMg5GKl-xyaNjapct
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio 79" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio 79
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmtQjNJKN990XZeTwWo3quR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio 80  90" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio 80  90
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnHOXAVDIsVQNiMuvuz9Lag
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio 80 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio 80 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlhL4I7FijytkvCExqMQY63
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio 80 Hits FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio 80 Hits FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn0nSFxWCiUei-mXY0VObTz
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio 87 FM Bauru" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio 87 FM Bauru
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm7ZuadJVckkw1WsG9-V8hG
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio 875 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio 875 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmvroRqEw445IuwPcylMfCM
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio 88 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio 88 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnDh-kPU4JnOSJKVe9gasjM
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio 89 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio 89 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk2aczZD6ogB2W_R9Tc2Ypw
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio 89 FM Novo Som" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio 89 FM Novo Som
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnfwk0FPJiafFOAV_uImWdX
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio 893 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio 893 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlrxxFOg4wvZopTKzLQPClu
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio 9 West" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio 9 West
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlYArpHrhFPZHKaY849qfkK
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio 909 FM Divino Oleiro" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio 909 FM Divino Oleiro
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl-2JncX6yHK0FQuyoveOWX
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio 91 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio 91 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmsvn36_iONcdlG4wUoEiIf
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio 92 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio 92 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl0L8hww12LubH3dI6t_i6K
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio 93 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio 93 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlGd-_oeWUUNT9y2vQ80jVg
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio 933 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio 933 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk2zVRIDcaYnxN2kvbWe_oR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio 939 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio 939 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkmnkCL2MqgAU3uIm29Po8H
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio 94 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio 94 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm2Z9qU-cIW4DNMAk3HmU0F
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio 94 FM Caratinga" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio 94 FM Caratinga
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlj2vRbfu2JTUvfma_wWDIS
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio 947 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio 947 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnKqHkBF1vmVAPZQc5DamcV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio 94FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio 94FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnmv_cwYgrctaZmsdzf57xy
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio 959 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio 959 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlbA5gSJfATFk2jre2WSCa2
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio 96 FM Bauru" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio 96 FM Bauru
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn8w9al2dY-aNfzjUvjUFxi
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio 965 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio 965 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmAR_StgwazWEKZLOC-4bRW
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio 97 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio 97 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmfLrkZ_m4wLXYi8YzxcFpL
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio 98 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio 98 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn230yDiy4SfbQWLLogVldC
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio 98 FM Diamantina" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio 98 FM Diamantina
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmYoTFeeLGO9upg22lKMc8m
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio 98FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio 98FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkOMA4A045Zp1n43-wCFTjS
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio 98FM Curitiba" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio 98FM Curitiba
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnwY1reP4ifuZqRoF0JGCQ5
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio 99 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio 99 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk1SgdCfIFv-5wai2xqTTjm
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio 995 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio 995 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSloOozMNcpAaizigiTD5ca1
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio A Gazeta da Tarde" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio A Gazeta da Tarde
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnb_KJL4FPtF-p5uztlc5LY
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio A ltima Oportunidade" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio A ltima Oportunidade
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlNwJoWguwlQpRzhQCEj151
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio A Marca do Rock" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio A Marca do Rock
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk95Bhz1L7xEp9F7F2DBxCY
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio A Nossa Voz" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio A Nossa Voz
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl37mCPhxldQCHAA2NDLGuT
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio A Razo" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio A Razo
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkQhb05qWmmKO9yTe1XR05W
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio A Verdade  Uma S" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio A Verdade  Uma S
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlqZLJk6fCcba333WkFJ3tU
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio A Voz da Educao" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio A Voz da Educao
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmtBLyj6GW8eVNKcvaTJm8X
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio A Voz Da Fiel" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio A Voz Da Fiel
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkKzFVLw0cXgIwRPl2VOfmt
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio A Voz da Nova Cana" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio A Voz da Nova Cana
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk94kwQsoftEu8V4l4QnHdR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio A Voz Do Vaqueiro" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio A Voz Do Vaqueiro
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlBVPlzsp8LHsN_zMgUI8Qb
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio A Voz DOeste AM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio A Voz DOeste AM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlZSy1yXBRSgbxjZF5Pdg0T
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Aba Pai" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Aba Pai
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmmMAGXefuH5SzgV15t3VL7
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio ABC Web" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio ABC Web
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnwv3VqgAamsqa8oPKjckES
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio ABM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio ABM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmfD5YemW-Q3P1or4aYjxKo
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Abusiva" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Abusiva
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnssWqmctGIEwKBHzkWONfO
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Acesa 875 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Acesa 875 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnYB78AsVK4k7meOoQ0tlgn
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Acesso Livre" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Acesso Livre
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkAm0Z07r8dlhX6rCrWzpob
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Acorde" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Acorde
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSllldqywdlU36dfcmpWjq6l
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Acoustika FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Acoustika FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlEJAEVQorLBvPseSwvfMmo
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Acre Gospel" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Acre Gospel
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlTiHdqqGTET-MYADpeN4T5
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Acreditar FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Acreditar FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkW6Xnbfem8hw2rNnJl8fOI
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio AD7" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio AD7
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlQIGRMCVjShof248u3-Wlp
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Adeara" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Adeara
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkv0-uaTfJGlQn9qhTAo5l4
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio ADJA" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio ADJA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl99u9pwKz884S87E_oV0v0
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Adonai" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Adonai
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnR4BHqPlJysul1C7tlx0z-
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Adorao" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Adorao
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm0aCP4KG1hrNNiZnIT1R5x
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Adorao Total" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Adorao Total
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnzNV3tayV9rlF79G0k-Wuj
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Adore" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Adore
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlFFlc1fZZ4GNzUR7dE8JUc
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Advai" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Advai
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlpnieYAIy3jiB5iPiTnrMn
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Advento" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Advento
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkhvtNm6wJbGazDxM6tf2XR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Afogados FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Afogados FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlBSxV6Gh8fZf96KpkAGuGx
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Agita Gospel" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Agita Gospel
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnkqln2wnQAcoJrb2mRCyBW
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Agnaldo Nunes Vieira" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Agnaldo Nunes Vieira
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn9DEInbkmZ1-dkVyyMJrhg
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Agog Carioca" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Agog Carioca
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlM0Fuma1TfwinORUvBUt08
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio AgospelFm" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio AgospelFm
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlKrY-b2rVeou3FOM-RlQOE
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Agreste FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Agreste FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSllxScCWgN5GEiZ2PTRTXDH
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Agroecologia  Web" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Agroecologia  Web
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmrB_skm1_2S_xyGiDUOkmb
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Agrolndia FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Agrolndia FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnShRi9oJq7-hceD96J3ifV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Agudo" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Agudo
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmazsi2lXyveh3mZnpDoLWX
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Agulhas Negras" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Agulhas Negras
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmQXjfgvJOXU6HAKqptrrxp
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Airsoft ao vivo" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Airsoft ao vivo
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm9RCuz0e_b9EiXN2x8fypc
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Ajuruteua" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Ajuruteua
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnx6X6QEsNIsbkQkbyu_VG9
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Alarido" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Alarido
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnC5CtDGsQW60M-wl6tDa4c
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Alcance FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Alcance FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn_jrms0524i5y6UeMKRe36
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Alegria Alegria" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Alegria Alegria
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnVitdI6j7HjT1Mc9bRcnTn
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Alegria FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Alegria FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl70Z_InlMHhOpJXt93ls1w
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Alerj" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Alerj
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlDyQXAJ4OjKR2FWJ-55xbN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Alfa FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Alfa FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkbPGrsK0UcrldN3CdqP4k_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Alfa Hits" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Alfa Hits
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkyYzdOoRq5AYyfxGmzc_6_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Aliana" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Aliana
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlHe6XNKD8s0vjcZgSun7jP
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Aliana AM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Aliana AM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkB-RjwgM9rWlUf7u0-Qiw-
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Aliana Eterna" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Aliana Eterna
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlbmpBMGR1h3iz78S-edfwx
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Aliana FM 985" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Aliana FM 985
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmLfDm5Y5tWd7hv64tjEM4A
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Almenara FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Almenara FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlJC9zeURXX-HbY_R2kVmVl
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Alpes" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Alpes
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl89rYMrNqJfzCuDuy0UFwh
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Alpha Botucatu" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Alpha Botucatu
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnAc9qRW9Y5mfJChphB3V7S
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Alpha Gospel" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Alpha Gospel
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkgKtbf3xk3eKTufrkMuRRX
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Altaneira FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Altaneira FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl1Ky6e65Qy53WYKZK9dCRY
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Alternativa 104 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Alternativa 104 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkMztC8DZFge1lE2KIl1kEJ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Alternativa Educadora FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Alternativa Educadora FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkqLx4hdtsNSoLaGAYyrGZO
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Alternativa FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Alternativa FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmaMRjuzNOmvN7oW2yyaDSG
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Alternativa FM Venda Nova" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Alternativa FM Venda Nova
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlykr5rJfT7Vp0u5Y7IHEAZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Alternativa Gospel FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Alternativa Gospel FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk-dX1dw0iT2PHC2XduKEOt
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Alternativa ST" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Alternativa ST
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkrG-FlkbWDTT8JYsphzrhz
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Alternativa Web" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Alternativa Web
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkLjqW2eWAr1Oi4xiIPYP4w
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Alternativa1 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Alternativa1 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSna6Jh9WlgE7RJZdk4BmY74
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Altinho FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Altinho FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlyFzc-f1WsrP--40mE0sWx
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Alto Piranhas" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Alto Piranhas
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk-EmpT1wkm32kCypgq_wOD
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Alvorada" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Alvorada
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm__OUDpcPmN5S76fbY5vxA
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Alvorada do Serto" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Alvorada do Serto
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkA6YJnNA6EZXDAwjBZCVm7
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Alvorada do Sul FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Alvorada do Sul FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkOCb_ttat_6eWeJ5lUay51
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Alvorada FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Alvorada FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlyZsYt3qaJJALuONPvIzhI
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Alvorada Web" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Alvorada Web
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlZvodrwwNVuB7Qc30vRzoW
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Amado Batista" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Amado Batista
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl8FoR4Hl1w6tyN9s5gXZpQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Amanhecer FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Amanhecer FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkSCUZ6L_2sv3hBAqhYTYRs
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Amarantes FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Amarantes FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmzRKuOb5n2IbsRH03IQgvj
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Amaznia Gospel" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Amaznia Gospel
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlT739A3EuLj34JZZG_ydV7
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Amazonas Amapa" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Amazonas Amapa
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl8A1ZeEM-1_sblw9hLTwmr
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Ambiental" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Ambiental
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlXb2UfCBTgidMjrBsppMmE
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio AMC" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio AMC
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlmY-1aYoHdyFY8YvuSw3Q7
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Amem" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Amem
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn1-3s0fIETbyDoJOAwr-pm
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Amiga FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Amiga FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn-EV1Rw8eAcLmzXsqdEIt6
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Amigos do Flashback" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Amigos do Flashback
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkMcRNNnXfMgdZ80ZLoAJCG
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Amigos do Sertanejo" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Amigos do Sertanejo
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmn-V2d-NGWnHzmYHmBa6kY
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Amizade" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Amizade
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlBTfYL1e1hsUZ0lKTuTzh-
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Amizade 891 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Amizade 891 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk7npre9u1FvRGGjRiOfm1E
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Amizade FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Amizade FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSndWc7yCvgDq5qwfg0dYgBp
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Amo Famlia" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Amo Famlia
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnFoOECCkhv33X28y49zEDj
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Amorin 104 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Amorin 104 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnbCQB5Nfp1ffdqp_SjvGoY
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Ampere" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Ampere
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnVqHKPo0BLQMhh_LA3NPIC
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Amplitude FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Amplitude FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmVUr13JM11lP0DBiTXB-DZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Amrica AM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Amrica AM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnVuape7xkxQDlfXyxaXPnU
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Amrica Marlia" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Amrica Marlia
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlk9bNnsyibbqSPT7y2hSCF
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Amrica Rio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Amrica Rio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmggIAJDKkn2iao0uZzw1oO
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Anarquia" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Anarquia
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkoBl1ZKbN3VcFs8I8MX4B8
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Anastcio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Anastcio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkttipgg1r15q29aQbgV4l7
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Anchieta" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Anchieta
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlghnnzgrAjYYxa85-r1Oaf
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Anchieta FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Anchieta FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSka3rMd73OP_hVMnTIeboIV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Angus del Rei" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Angus del Rei
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmdkKRSgFF9Cic0wXOR7vpi
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Anncio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Anncio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmpV5RfsQ2OzOCW51pWM9Fy
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Anos Dourados" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Anos Dourados
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn8u_NwCWe5ulyHQo3kzZo8
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Anos Incrveis" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Anos Incrveis
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkwkdOZGKS0_ozx2Rj0tbae
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Antena 10" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Antena 10
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn4HlgjyOnmWZ0ccm3rgkpF
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Antena Brasil Online" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Antena Brasil Online
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnjvrhm_AAx1cAw6B5zH6QO
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Antena Gospel" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Antena Gospel
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmFCWdrfkDKRC-Wv4jhpLFS
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Antena Jovem" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Antena Jovem
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlcWfv3EHMBclV6sYzNil5q
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Antena Sul Fm" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Antena Sul Fm
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmLqo1XXD-9-kzx0MCpiTLm
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Antena Web" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Antena Web
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmDb8BgVO1MgDhbV_9yZkqQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Anunciadora" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Anunciadora
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkDa6qfibLQCO0T8CpQAEsY
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Aoeiras Web" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Aoeiras Web
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnaP2jPbhxpSHev5PfcPy4m
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Aparecida do Sul AM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Aparecida do Sul AM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmQAsZFqrVvg13RvoPJZGTV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Apito Esportivo" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Apito Esportivo
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnlpRACoVlYbErlTCTzneRX
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Apocalipse FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Apocalipse FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkIc4ZCtO0cCOGw8y2ibXfG
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Apoio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Apoio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk6_oviDiyCcerS4xCqb-YF
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Aprendiz" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Aprendiz
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlAa6sx2-gfBcIdl4SZBrGs
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Aquarius  FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Aquarius  FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmhDaunltCGqoqhyrGwyKPD
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Aracati" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Aracati
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn3z7iTkAQxJKzG5pyKncho
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Araguaia" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Araguaia
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk8qYvvkhvBYToL6l4vw7xP
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Araguaia AM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Araguaia AM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlf2Z2iXTMUmLTJQjhPJkx1
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Araguaia FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Araguaia FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkca2uPx2l4jqEwLkYHuwvh
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Araibu FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Araibu FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkANnWsUYwxrDBYJi6JFtoq
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Arans FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Arans FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlfTV0s91EE5q8Z7anIeL7w
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Arapiraca" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Arapiraca
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmUIyT5BIooflzSqKWoVc6I
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Arara FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Arara FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnjUoTn_NmC0kE-55nLgH0p
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Araras" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Araras
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk5H_mRD2f5H5v-o4PoQth_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Arca da Aliana AM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Arca da Aliana AM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlzxHL8Fo9HE8A-aBYmt5_9
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Arca Online" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Arca Online
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlgf4yT6CLyCFbXkvFMllxg
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Arco Iris FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Arco Iris FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlDccWwaHwSABjE2ZdN24-e
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Areia FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Areia FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmAecfNLLIOQ7BwizPeSaIh
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Arena" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Arena
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm0t0GDsxZ5faIMaiyJ8M3L
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Armazm" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Armazm
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlEZk12uwQGgr474SvyAPpH
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Aroeira" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Aroeira
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmDiUR5GFchEcqwAo2UZ3j2
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Aroeiras Gospel" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Aroeiras Gospel
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmiA9SiGigbRsCDHRhfeaet
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Arquibancada" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Arquibancada
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk140iOT-H_c-9PmjXu63yy
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Arquimedes" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Arquimedes
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmSbCV6yAtHShzJ6VPxhSM-
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Arquivo Top" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Arquivo Top
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlxtuyvZz3cG-cxYHs6dD-l
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Aruan FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Aruan FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnrW-S60G6_rJH3Yazt1Wlb
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio As Velhas" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio As Velhas
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlCitdujDv3iXG0tRcVfG6r
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Asa Branca" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Asa Branca
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnCRj7iX799IfIC8OFPQMvF
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Asafe FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Asafe FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnnSO4mMDTb8Fq3-OycQjWT
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Asas FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Asas FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlh-DztuApts9O1E7JDx0Rj
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio ASPRA" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio ASPRA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlAG4lJms5MLlS6UEN68jRy
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Assembleia FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Assembleia FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlDnEM6fVuNja-whD9pZL0F
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Associativa FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Associativa FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkpSch_ApgEipVZ5xw0f98D
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Assuno Cearense" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Assuno Cearense
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSniHhYIEcTlPLKX2WUqTVrr
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Astral Web" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Astral Web
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnDRWuLZMRrNUnEiH51nJ99
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Atalaia" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Atalaia
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm7e2qx2_7cfcd-fI6xxqAJ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Atalaia FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Atalaia FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkHZRilTzpsrJha9LcUluKu
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Atalaia Tangar" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Atalaia Tangar
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSngsjnji_nbaiFn20dlZA6a
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Atalaias de Cristo" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Atalaias de Cristo
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm2QFyUsz4SOIhznZMskxDP
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Atenta" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Atenta
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm4nAlzf-JfyEN2xT8lTsUf
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Athos" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Athos
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmVKUSVHAolxdxbd1p9MOak
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Atibaia" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Atibaia
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlstR_vnLk6HdlyDmsWDu9n
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Atitude FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Atitude FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlTD2WgMPbbtzYX-_B218I5
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Atitude Mais" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Atitude Mais
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmfSnTNU33gVzXTpeGeM2pD
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Ativa" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Ativa
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmD30cvOajVI5IIfu25mpZw
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Ativa de Itapetininga" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Ativa de Itapetininga
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmHMXjo3uBsyPu0xCLWonAb
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Ativa FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Ativa FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlJlmsehtt1ALqY8ddaeKFC
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Atividade FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Atividade FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmJjhGeqio_1dPvZcEpyTkM
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Atividade FM 991" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Atividade FM 991
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm8aKo3UfhjltkU1p3euPL9
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Atividade Manaus" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Atividade Manaus
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlHUc96vd3mGncoeqxeUz4P
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Atividade Sertaneja FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Atividade Sertaneja FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnGuNC_xLjSrUUvSkuiREiF
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Atlnta" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Atlnta
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmyxmkSq4c4U_HCeIBBcm6E
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Atlntica" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Atlntica
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnc6Zvak0MZmXcrWPY5RiQs
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Atos 29" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Atos 29
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl3_EPBqFhm4U9cVNrk8NoH
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Atrativa FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Atrativa FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmeWdnZdPUarbjFzng_Zmm_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Atual" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Atual
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl0-hXv6tEx3AREtqFtcRl7
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Atual Barroso" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Atual Barroso
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkyggip4MFb1FToRbFp8148
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Atual FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Atual FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmp4so0KC35Ux6u8ky9PAio
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Aurora do Povo" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Aurora do Povo
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSls7ir0oFC0VDieb0jMcZIJ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Aurora Recife" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Aurora Recife
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn9RJGmZOrF8JFStUCcqNXS
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Aussel Pro Sade" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Aussel Pro Sade
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn8cAaaKT-MXMlCuxZ9_Oa9
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Autdromo" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Autdromo
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnjx-055uHSbMbU4-R046G0
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Autntica Favela FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Autntica Favela FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkmj_fc9UYQQm-kouz3fmK5
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Auto FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Auto FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnoGXGQ1okaJdadUucrUvnU
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Aviva 7" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Aviva 7
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl-IM52HM9RlFhFb71rbgDd
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Aviva Zona Sul" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Aviva Zona Sul
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkL03jfJuKxVI4W63smO0Px
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Ax Bahia" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Ax Bahia
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl1gm-06Sxvy6IsVTFYXc-H
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Azul Celeste" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Azul Celeste
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkks1-PcnSzyIQG25Vi5WwC
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Bacanga" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Bacanga
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn5OIoExmxZYABpOiTaqMNp
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Bacuri FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Bacuri FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmakcQ7Qgm2Ex0XV3_9P9QM
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Bahia FM Sul" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Bahia FM Sul
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmXtba9FW4w-WROtT15tjRl
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Bahia Gospel" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Bahia Gospel
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlgc99he1-_qEaYuW6Js8H9
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Bahiana FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Bahiana FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkB6E7j7EZWtHl_n5q-YkOj
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Baixa Grande FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Baixa Grande FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmlMGIeqiI5DjCxlTV4JJu1
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Balacobaco" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Balacobaco
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmdd5W3y__yKL60wIUiTC6l
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Balano Geral" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Balano Geral
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmZUuOZIxP3pcLlg3RN4RpE
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Bambina FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Bambina FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkdnvJOEJzTgEJfnwJbrijr
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Ban Sat" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Ban Sat
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlzLSgfmEx4gWjUkUt7wTk7
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Banana" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Banana
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlBsDhJFcCibH_lGm6sn2EZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Band Music" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Band Music
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmlhE42jaj409FoFfqy0oow
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Band Vale" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Band Vale
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkkTj5blxZvD5A0pp6jmZpi
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Barbacena FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Barbacena FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlpxCMJKZJ9zDNzDZg8LSxQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Barbacena Online" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Barbacena Online
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlbhbXC3qNVuWYYMGPcVt9D
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Barra" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Barra
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm1P8OGI8gJ7lvhd8n_528v
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Barra do Bonito Web" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Barra do Bonito Web
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlw9va78mU5N05CR9svXSJf
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Barreiro" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Barreiro
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmSzjqJUn0fWOlvrFa_vu_8
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Baruk FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Baruk FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnOpkMzAmesc6E2Rev_kLYx
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Basement DJs" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Basement DJs
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlI9z48EiYAkg8EO9T15Otw
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Batista Bblica" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Batista Bblica
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkrxNwTH3TUJ2FI7nwyi9IT
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Batista Calvrio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Batista Calvrio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmY5f2SjL20g-q6WRWp4WAy
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Batista Jardim Amrica Itagua" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Batista Jardim Amrica Itagua
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkGTekzDLlS0S8w6JkFHYxd
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Batuta" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Batuta
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkdOD_A4MUgE_zwI3H8tzQ7
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Bblia" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Bblia
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlG3Nv3-htADqhdq5F3AQTd
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Bblica Boas Novas" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Bblica Boas Novas
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnu5oR07FtYyfiXI3vnnuFQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Beach Park" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Beach Park
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSky_w82Fw12VqFxpLIM9C6m
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Bebedouro" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Bebedouro
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSno4xE9nIto6hlh5J3oUvkI
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio BEEST" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio BEEST
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl_MyZRGikoxc8LuSaI2RUs
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Beira da Mata" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Beira da Mata
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmk8Wrtj9JSU7pYQqtzedH7
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Bel Rio FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Bel Rio FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmuRbcLZeyUpssXigILaQKJ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Bela Vista" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Bela Vista
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlSb21oLnfwBcBBSBcQr2cO
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Bem Izi" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Bem Izi
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmx-iqGEeg4RfrY6BjsYQJK
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Benedictus FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Benedictus FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkNjh0Z4wFX8nSvuQrfUc4I
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Beno" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Beno
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkuq-pmoBf0VU1_kp_v4ToE
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Beno FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Beno FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmsukflaH5MHLcbOH4Npi9_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Berranteiro" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Berranteiro
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmdrULZzTZYjjukIz2jKoVI
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Beta FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Beta FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmoBWl4CKj384jtCY4VV39v
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Betel" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Betel
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmmkVobNgFPE2TXM05G-QlN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Betel FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Betel FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnLJRNEIfIsy_n1q9Y5-Rmb
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Bethel FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Bethel FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlot5FZAzgYjVWfD9sArB7Y
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Betim Web" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Betim Web
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlh5GXTbGoxnAcFhS5mfGPx
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Bicuda" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Bicuda
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlNXt6hY_KxTLhDU-DaUprC
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Biguau FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Biguau FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmczebnltZMc-pxrT4S7WSP
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Bitury" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Bitury
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnRq_jDg2LT5AShybuHU6u8
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Bizz FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Bizz FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkP2JVe_RFXlx6uKtOIL-OQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Black Chic" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Black Chic
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnw8uS7O6lt3BQB4Zjr5lzM
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Black Finesse" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Black Finesse
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm0hY6omu-cAARX8Oc3MLLJ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Blast" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Blast
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm_EOfO8UrSQepoaF16iazs
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Bless" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Bless
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnJHlsHMvf7vrDBC0ZrSVAu
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Blues Brasil" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Blues Brasil
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlvEICajEB0kEo5hKDd9d3R
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio BM Mdias" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio BM Mdias
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmMO2gIce25QwQYGuOb-RqK
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Boa Esperana" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Boa Esperana
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlHv0MQSAmdHXOvhyy5uKFF
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Boa Nova WEB" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Boa Nova WEB
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnxuO_ocwCSh1rPHvCHPpb-
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Boa Vista" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Boa Vista
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnUh5Fe1_-e96LihLB-rv9t
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Boa Vista FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Boa Vista FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn0LMSLuMHr0GSdt5to1tca
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Boas Novas" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Boas Novas
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl7Ctk3w92pyQuU_q8dyDEF
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Bodoga" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Bodoga
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnv3yvhfOSg_NGwCkRII_Ll
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Boituva" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Boituva
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlByjIeCP-bviiG_Bor4PFq
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Boiuna" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Boiuna
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkf9H9d_dObiMUdKXqllnSl
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Bom Gosto" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Bom Gosto
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn09U4XMmlqYSxjoK2xuUS2
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Bom Pastor" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Bom Pastor
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkL4T9QMOHGU3gJO7-gakqu
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Bom Preo" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Bom Preo
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmJpqIOwdvK-Mf2h9NY4gFD
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Bom Samaritano" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Bom Samaritano
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkl2nfgo6P_306JJODVSWz2
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Bom Sucesso" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Bom Sucesso
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlPELZonVWW1GqCp0LsV0mq
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Bombeiros" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Bombeiros
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmZAF8wH6OeAqPWIAwZclno
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Bonito FM 989" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Bonito FM 989
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmpkm0w8NhpH-eIBFmwyNdc
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Bons Ventos" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Bons Ventos
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn-WFuM397Nth6i_PTA36vf
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Boqueiro FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Boqueiro FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkwV0gxOdYBzUXyRSQ1XCg9
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Borborema Web" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Borborema Web
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnqo02hDmhGsed1cw-AuyB_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio BR Gospel" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio BR Gospel
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkU9oLYIQMZGpaxqqw9ERxo
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio BR4 Quadrangular" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio BR4 Quadrangular
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnGvz1ECv_yt4g50Vvvb-S3
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Bradar FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Bradar FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn_vGP9l4euYAkiwWniuX4q
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Brasil" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Brasil
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnkczd_SUedAiX-21An-MAp
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Brasil Atual" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Brasil Atual
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlaw9o1R7WfhoRsvG87lzzf
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Brasil Digital" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Brasil Digital
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlBuOYyfWhzn3muhJBVNHVh
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Brasil Esprita" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Brasil Esprita
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkEne72nKgIYypq9bxPNKYx
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Brasil Gospel" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Brasil Gospel
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn8KvqoWOiMZE8Xad6tpw-V
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Brasil MPB" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Brasil MPB
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmkb5Js-HhbOIqmalWQVqJy
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Brasil Music" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Brasil Music
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlsCEx5RTIxmEdIjSmA9An8
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Brasil Rural" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Brasil Rural
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk5QhFsr3P9EN4i71YPJ77n
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Brasil Serto" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Brasil Serto
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlbWh_OsuU-aMQEAulz2eXt
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Brasil Sul Minas" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Brasil Sul Minas
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnyrZtCZFGDEF-pv_Y02NLd
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio brasilia mix digital" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio brasilia mix digital
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmYF7-emnuaB_XH8xJ3t7RN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Brasilvox" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Brasilvox
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnTIxeK_PmWvTKhbqCEVQwA
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Bravida Caruaru" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Bravida Caruaru
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlXqEHbqcDnCKxJzXaEGa4e
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Bravo 1049 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Bravo 1049 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnVkPLOa1pIQPKwIBZX0dAJ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Braz" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Braz
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlh9JyAZHNVCSnUIRUqFovC
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Brazilian Birds" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Brazilian Birds
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlLaF0vKUGbRolooZd8IKdI
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Brega Show" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Brega Show
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnGyf1iQ7gpmM84PDlEGGHp
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Brejo FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Brejo FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmovy06xGFdFd6EnV9gXH9I
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Breves FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Breves FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkyUxRF2V4UbIS2myQ-DRxf
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Brito" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Brito
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnxHDtGyJhFfM5WvIPbxKRM
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Brotas" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Brotas
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn2V2N_YT9LQr6zlN3nQC9j
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio BSide" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio BSide
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkE0T3-U9n5cngLdmcSd2R9
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio BSide Lounge" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio BSide Lounge
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk5Biiuqa1cfRGkVlaYf0rq
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Bucks" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Bucks
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmZSqUyN15B3-X9gTumhP4L
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Buritama Gospel" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Buritama Gospel
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlKwkBUSiX-zBTBGA02xvX8
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Buteco Sertanejo" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Buteco Sertanejo
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmHCJfgoTuJBYTCu3NhaYMr
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Butterfly Hosting" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Butterfly Hosting
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl5hP8F5SjHqUVNHKPux_ia
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Buzios Fm" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Buzios Fm
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlrYAbEv_kc5mHaKpEbSxs5
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Caanjur AM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Caanjur AM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSki8zK5ALIOZxH5M8kX4j0_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Caarapo" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Caarapo
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnt-4hZfJqMVUUM16zoT1AX
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Cabana FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Cabana FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnh61KiSzaHFVrOvC5tEi02
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Cabanos FM 1067" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Cabanos FM 1067
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnHpcBgmw_lx9HQdNdtbKOV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Cabedelo" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Cabedelo
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmy6nw4TGtrTu7ftsEllvuz
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Cabeloura" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Cabeloura
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlBz8KdDGhPxL0aEYYwDQLF
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Cabo Frio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Cabo Frio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk-h40bIAN-gWZk6rR5aA_S
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Cabriola Web" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Cabriola Web
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnl_W_InAPoY53PAR_L--P-
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Cabugi do Serid AM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Cabugi do Serid AM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkOx8-Pit3szyfbVAsqSwBg
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Cacau Web" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Cacau Web
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk1YHjQxlPFIK9jZvxRvP0-
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Cachoeira" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Cachoeira
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkt_fsmUVcCTk04yYti0khy
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Cacique" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Cacique
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm7eK_NerZ3kO_ABX7Tnno-
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Cactus FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Cactus FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlVINf6oaKvNNdzOiTD0rpo
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Caetit" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Caetit
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlKo2jOAMEg_p1uMPSvK9WF
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Caf no Bule Viosa" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Caf no Bule Viosa
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlwjBBC-rv72rEIeN5ezNEI
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Caf Viola" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Caf Viola
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkno2QZYFLl9xtAOcsoi8QI
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Cafa Brasil" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Cafa Brasil
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlg0TLiqWb98-mdff2zDHyY
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Caiana" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Caiana
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkeuvXPWBurkDO_hxip3moz
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Caiara" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Caiara
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmqshXNReTVQ-r2GjyeuHGR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Caic AM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Caic AM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlcZdyO1X9SpKZaVXqnzbq3
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Caiob" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Caiob
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlYRAjm40kdb0qMIT7W85Xc
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Caj Ccb" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Caj Ccb
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnKtIIjY7Co4kC-EaWneg-S
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Caldas FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Caldas FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkhJypwxtH1dpJvDkkKck6V
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Calhambeque" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Calhambeque
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlodMKIQz6nwA4nmuvoK0O9
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Califrnia" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Califrnia
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlu-qpyM_PU4xo5buCjr88d
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Califrnia 891 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Califrnia 891 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk8OwmoKq9ZvpvHe7PLOtZo
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Camaari FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Camaari FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnarSPtbGf2Q00AZ96C7DXW
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Camar FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Camar FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl0SjsTU96gmLPjCilDAWkv
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Camarote" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Camarote
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmhMhKdBn9Fw_Ynm9KMTdU9
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Cambuca FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Cambuca FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnasLY9EynfPBSPgbe5HI79
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Caminho Eterno" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Caminho Eterno
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk8cKXB8oPURbHi0kxD3dkz
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Caminho Seguro" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Caminho Seguro
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmhqyqpawOOmyp_UvWRhXG4
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Campo Alegre AM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Campo Alegre AM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnhdWKetpmui4sZif2RZpXd
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Campo Maior AM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Campo Maior AM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkWZfdkry621VfCcKbchD7V
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Campos FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Campos FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkMcp4NHPYgiJUTy90-4o40
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Campos Verdes FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Campos Verdes FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSks_3v09N22F6L_6i_k-h9c
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Can da Galilia" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Can da Galilia
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmxSuIzzJIOYaIMD03i6VbW
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Cana" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Cana
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnXSwhxx9fM2ix22yPCRE2H
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Cana FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Cana FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmwWAJlQIzuOI5emB8bl-SE
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Cana Gospel" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Cana Gospel
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm9_sk8PsxWprUyAnJ1QUO3
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Canabrava FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Canabrava FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn3sUumh_Y39SBPOQH2prmP
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Canal Brasil Sudeste FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Canal Brasil Sudeste FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlqFmqX6BoOnKejx5Kf9Zh_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Canal FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Canal FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmbqPxXZmbPSAVSm_6hsCb4
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Canal Louvor" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Canal Louvor
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl9X5Bh84NGYdNzKp4TAfp0
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Canarinho FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Canarinho FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmPZgaJzcwCEyl4ksIQcIG6
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Cancella AM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Cancella AM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlFF93uKia5Ocyl60C2qHJI
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Candeias FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Candeias FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlb148t5NSvVmxvzNaC5-Td
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Canelinha FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Canelinha FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlfWcwiK7jYM7-3Ow6zOuqC
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Canoa FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Canoa FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkVDDlD8ZIn0cmNArR3ZhjV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Cantagalo FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Cantagalo FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm6xis4RyQNu0fB6tSmPztk
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Cantareira" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Cantareira
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmJlCenAe6a63vyJMUPfJOj
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Cantate" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Cantate
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmo9sG_52e2HxcgPXqr-riT
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Canudos FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Canudos FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkgqfwFs7EVAqe9MyvnxTwP
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Capela" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Capela
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkIVTb4IQcoisAJR68gGdqq
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Capital do Papel" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Capital do Papel
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlPrP9wSWujMh3vS7qtQTIN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Capital Hits Fm" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Capital Hits Fm
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkUPV5JRB4s6NzGaA9F69dB
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Capital Jovem" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Capital Jovem
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkg8SlBjjIfxtYJ-aT9TALa
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Capital Sul FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Capital Sul FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnMYUJa2U58m3KLc4OXcAjL
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Capital Web" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Capital Web
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSliaD9vErAICUD8g1gPBIYq
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Capivara Sertaneja" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Capivara Sertaneja
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl5yQ46Cg4bZam21l2_kWG2
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Capo" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Capo
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkg55BQUmup1tOqfwHjtrml
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Caraa FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Caraa FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmPfuUwE1PUlQDnrtaeZSOk
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Caraba" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Caraba
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlEWgNcKP14SrVevSpfPUxX
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Caragu" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Caragu
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlmkj20tqlTM9cugguz3px8
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Cariciar Web" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Cariciar Web
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk9RnxLRZyHOYrcyUvi9G49
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Carijs FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Carijs FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnvKk6S7b1BvV_SE-q4LgIq
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Carioca" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Carioca
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmbNcSlADoNi7yUup-TWUyL
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Carioca Futebol" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Carioca Futebol
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkN4L63uMkSZ5HAvUxkMDhJ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Cariri Gospel" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Cariri Gospel
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlPmF2x6Bupo_XFSj2PTSCH
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Cariri Hitz" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Cariri Hitz
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmfoUCJwLODuTuXJ70qY4r9
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Carnabas FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Carnabas FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk3NX6Ft4nLdOfyUX09hvS7
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Carnaval Carioca" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Carnaval Carioca
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnLmDnfgWz0llgX52ngsxEV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Carnavalesco" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Carnavalesco
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnTVaGhpk5K5dix3NI8YvPZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Caru FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Caru FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkeHOP23M2rS17-WYQ-QwtO
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Caruaru FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Caruaru FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnz5rFFbqLFx05gTxXnq-AT
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Casa" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Casa
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm3c-pooHBy83bXjaa_2L9f
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Casa do Samba" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Casa do Samba
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlqQNXtZ1uHf7BJZkYlN5TB
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Cassino" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Cassino
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl0ViFX869mn94SI1Rt6uCB
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Castanho" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Castanho
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlzTnfQObmD-kb7r8aS7PAR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Castilho" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Castilho
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlPHean-c0XWKbT_zCHZFI1
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Castro" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Castro
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnbnos7ptDcfwmWLDjRq_YK
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Catarinense FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Catarinense FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnAVPohDeBzXrz9HbiVXh_K
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Caula" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Caula
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmcfHlrz1IromEMnmpA2PQX
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Caxambu FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Caxambu FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnO3rXbbWawX06NeNPIXx3q
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio CBMN" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio CBMN
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkaVkOVuKaPiuyIJ2XcMgRJ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio CBN" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio CBN
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkTWdhZrNGDtKirSZpiVaM3
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio CBN Macei" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio CBN Macei
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkoqRnOoUHIonG5x1FaGAVG
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio CBN Natal FM Rede Tropical" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio CBN Natal FM Rede Tropical
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnjCc0SSgH6gylxNftXRHFg
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio CBN Recife FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio CBN Recife FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm-y1H_9P0p85cOUFzbOLR_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio CBS  Comunicaes Brasileira de Sistemas" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio CBS  Comunicaes Brasileira de Sistemas
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmhkfD_IqyCmtNJ-bcA0Uhd
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio CEAC" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio CEAC
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn-uNVfdTDmc8B4fQthWacz
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio CEAD" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio CEAD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlmOXREn-laBTVtRfpZLDGP
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Celeste Hino" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Celeste Hino
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlCuRu4AtbxQEwZaRloGEvq
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Cem Por Cento Fla" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Cem Por Cento Fla
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSneYNXfRkYz6WrinlhpE4x9
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio CEMMVA Web" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio CEMMVA Web
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlPAJFTXsm_rTUBnnVkNW3E
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Cenecista" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Cenecista
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlcLFrrpUPoZGp764zg6AP_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Centenrio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Centenrio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlL7V2XU6dCV3A3IE9qnaGL
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Central Angico" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Central Angico
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmjMQ3rJX0D2v34FTXiK9sd
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Central de Capuan" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Central de Capuan
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnewB_mTFfIgTPV9LeqXXK0
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Central FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Central FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlHEqQsBBNcv6yHOrR98r-E
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Central Gs" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Central Gs
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl5ADzxXMfNJr3QxS2_L_Eo
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Central Prime" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Central Prime
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm3jh_yGSbrmvv-Xpn_LIar
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Central Web Cariri" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Central Web Cariri
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnPgXo8xNcEKfMDljh7ob4a
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Centro Norte FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Centro Norte FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnna_QZmaaXsozebeyYNdSO
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio CETE Esprita" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio CETE Esprita
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSka4s0ETJCQye92uBdDdZVQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Chamas FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Chamas FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn1lUmR5VUQMmX2JKN7U_hG
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Chapeco AM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Chapeco AM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn8SMlmLU47atTALNuIpRnb
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Charrua" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Charrua
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkCMn_2ZnlJezMYf-v7sn1e
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Chat Black" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Chat Black
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn6XgL0dFfEbhdn1xHacurt
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Chic Web" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Chic Web
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm_ZTy2C_qAbDoF1wsKWU9s
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Chips FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Chips FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkrGCWGAJA44JzPEUVIxH83
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Chiru" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Chiru
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmYq-XjXM-fwu5Sz2mbfckj
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Chiru FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Chiru FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmJszbKMscvPxuUBHSUsehP
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Chopinzinho" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Chopinzinho
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkfpiLMfg91MXPMAuHapu_l
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Chrisfapi" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Chrisfapi
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSleYZZcg1Gcvnjv69LbHEti
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Cidad" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Cidad
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlrt3ic2Xc5XRTb9ZmnvxLr
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Cidad FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Cidad FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnGd7JlWn9V2r-c34Eu1wX3
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Cidadania" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Cidadania
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnqovDtNGoUDFGM7yj57y_W
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Cidadania FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Cidadania FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmuZLURRfynsOrVIp61-B8J
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Cidade" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Cidade
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnUx-e2_JZMLdkmu6WfeSZd
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Cidade 1029 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Cidade 1029 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlegPweq0zReCzDP2sJ414q
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Cidade AM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Cidade AM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk777B0P0mxioWwEPcr-gL6
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Cidade AM 670" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Cidade AM 670
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnEyfLvsYJAGDEEBIQlIHpy
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Cidade Amiga" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Cidade Amiga
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlFx3JosOw0b0rZ-7bE84MR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Cidade Carir FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Cidade Carir FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmVeBf_dCQswYYlBb4Ckqav
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Cidade Das rvores" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Cidade Das rvores
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmyluP737gnhIsFtwn98TXu
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Cidade de americana" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Cidade de americana
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk-YQZ4pF-Lzsj5qyESu4mI
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Cidade de Apia" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Cidade de Apia
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkKRif0Cc2p_GZ3voqnJuWp
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Cidade de Embu das Artes" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Cidade de Embu das Artes
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkQXomwBgwuUzdLs8J1KyS1
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Cidade de Jau" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Cidade de Jau
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkhkT_HXN7Zx_kYkAuuJQZw
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Cidade de Santos" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Cidade de Santos
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlUB7SyZzyLkQUblMiev5Bb
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Cidade de Vitria  FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Cidade de Vitria  FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl1XtKuJEnVjFf7iUvQvl41
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Cidade Diamantina FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Cidade Diamantina FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlYWT0RiFBISUucTseFTIyf
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Cidade Esperana" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Cidade Esperana
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmZOAcWUREmQrY6WQdzY-fq
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Cidade FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Cidade FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkRpzrqe_U4lB2tJ7nrn5bO
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Cidade FM 1001" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Cidade FM 1001
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmJ1zvsNYG36O3QKiHczOON
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Cidade FM 1043" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Cidade FM 1043
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkeSGS7JbKNov7WLKJNv42B
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Cidade FM 1049" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Cidade FM 1049
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlQycldHc5bwP9CqfsdNPB8
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Cidade FM 879" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Cidade FM 879
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm2eWM8k0lqtyTHAQ0UyzWd
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Cidade FM Comunitria" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Cidade FM Comunitria
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkWsYfSyFA0ClVrq4qtkHMC
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Cidade FM Web" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Cidade FM Web
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlP1-9U8-jMhG5a3WwW2Hnu
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Cidade Franca" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Cidade Franca
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkPnOOHgvt_FYch6AZJR6Lq
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Cidade Gospel FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Cidade Gospel FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn6q1TLd6ylp6mM1VU7PiqR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Cidade Itajub Lights" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Cidade Itajub Lights
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkO1UmRMlr9ciDOG7fkEoPT
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Cidade Jardim FM Web" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Cidade Jardim FM Web
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkx0zjxRrOeoiV4e_F22n3K
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Cidade Mix FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Cidade Mix FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlxWH29AaQcNqT19-GaNaSu
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Cidade Nova Ftima FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Cidade Nova Ftima FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkSkmycMOFkuEULNMPMzGIv
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Cidade Oitentona" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Cidade Oitentona
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSltWIkOACDwAsLgPzYmTG6b
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Cidade Palotina" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Cidade Palotina
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlJNqg9-FSlcWUhPQrX5t_K
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Cidade Paraba" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Cidade Paraba
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmXkj01MZhxd7RaT3tOLWEM
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Cidade Parnaba" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Cidade Parnaba
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkPk9GuksNIl5hlQMyh9Jgx
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Cidade Pato Branco" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Cidade Pato Branco
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmIZoOW9pbtljLEtZC6QcQc
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Cidade Sol FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Cidade Sol FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmXynphIwH7a2zp7zKu7BKQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Cidade Verde" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Cidade Verde
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn1-cRpe2RJ6nB2acLfzrTK
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Cidade Verde FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Cidade Verde FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl53Sx2QwRMesE06ISjNvcn
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Cidade VG" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Cidade VG
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl6izwkX-uQAyGpRQ5VQJ1_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Cidade Viva" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Cidade Viva
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkPCW6LoxIkB5nzdxXCUUoT
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Cidades Digital Sat" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Cidades Digital Sat
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkuMVwAR9W-DALZ0N0rZ4YA
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Cidelndia Babau FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Cidelndia Babau FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkxwjZqw5Bd8DJp39t86Y11
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Cinderela" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Cinderela
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmrFjsyBBy58p3Fk6v5yOZV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Ciranda" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Ciranda
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmVGbLRorhRX2__UgDW_mHe
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Circuito FM 903 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Circuito FM 903 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkRwSNz8xhECyTJglYbbxkP
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Circuito Mix" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Circuito Mix
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlZL1P0nDOVg60Coz74tQsD
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Claretiana" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Claretiana
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnlsTnOqhfLQQCms8-4YFQb
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Clarin" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Clarin
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk1zFMkeov9ysqxK75CfVsr
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Classe Especial" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Classe Especial
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmiUH4_fx5h5yyiFocJyuNr
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Classics" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Classics
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmaOzo1DlNNQKWwjlfT6OYx
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Clicaki" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Clicaki
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkT_5fqRzvUuG-lVE_KDShq
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Clssica FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Clssica FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmLi0jE_rQY3N7bjR4eBtv9
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Club 96 Jazz" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Club 96 Jazz
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSni5Cfu1W_f1dYsj0G77fIK
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Club Comando 78" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Club Comando 78
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnA0XTXO_YRI0CBkTYa0Uv4
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Club da Massa" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Club da Massa
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlHHnGIeK8t9wyNZEJgL9h3
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Clube" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Clube
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl2ZK6AE-yjD4gsryJtZC0h
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Clube 1" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Clube 1
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnON9th_3PpT_9U5E4NvUmL
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Clube 981 FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Clube 981 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlIpG872uz8dZl-P6bA8hAl
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Clube AM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Clube AM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm1yVeihv5C9yiWXt5MqLqH
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Clube Cidade" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Clube Cidade
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSloH_5GKEuVZW0fpU_zawqS
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Clube da Serra" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Clube da Serra
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlDOwsIEoei1G1jn6do8S3j
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Clube de Canela" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Clube de Canela
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm0l9HDiFCorLo6IGtmm21D
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Clube de Indaial FM" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Clube de Indaial FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnCdFVp9P7RsslpeRqmrDPy
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Clube de Itapira" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Clube de Itapira
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnAdNMTyvzupWhZK40qaHfg
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Clube de Valena" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Clube de Valena
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkBlnADGW7_mxRQTgqqoeHB
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Cmara" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Cmara
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnhkdkU1HZldrFtk288bBV-
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Cmara CG" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Cmara CG
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkrT1tXciXWNkvCLfhNOEjn
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Cmara So Joo dos Patos" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Cmara So Joo dos Patos
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkwncq3qwEjyJKuB6FFRHzD
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio Cntico de Sio" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio Cntico de Sio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnSYnwmOdeNizmxdwsC4ImG
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio DuPovo" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio DuPovo
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmu6yLToQW-E97d5PDAxEoj
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio gua Viva" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio gua Viva
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSksJ-Fya2X7KJvBbrWAqglW
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio guas Claras" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio guas Claras
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnrbN5cz9toESTVFly3jfzL
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rdio villa Online" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Rdio villa Online
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn2zexyuCtf2shrc_Fn18CN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Sertaneja FM 106.7 Ribeirao Preto SP" tvg-logo="https://w7.pngwing.com/pngs/411/470/png-transparent-red-headphones-mike-music-radio-logo-music-radio-music-radio-station.png" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Sertaneja FM 106.7 Ribeirao Preto SP
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlz16jjbQH9eSwqMT6_mgVT
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Super Radio Tupi RJ" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/r42lGcgZ5Es0LIcsPesT21fyY32wzG5yuCnf9x8yMgS3wDTIAAqq8lF27bHd9zu0PKTdHzILZ9wgMiCZexPnjOxBGK2FOx8NF1zGMbRNJ78.png" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Super Radio Tupi RJ
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlIebKBhvs-Nl3Wdd28UANR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="udio Rock" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", udio Rock
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnb8dAS2e5PtFIkjxuCIK5H
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Vox 90.3 FM" tvg-logo="http://flixgran.xyz:8080/images/5bb1f145afe17acf2866664fdc0f9644.png" group-title="CANAIS | RÁDIOS", Vox 90.3 FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSksKh5ssAJCxvee1qepDBdj
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="A FAZENDA CAM 1" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/RFpGgiFIwD-zg89GX_bnrLd8I6goRRFfXTdLMhD-WuZRmvjkpGhlQ1uoBGuSN8ZWL4T4cPdf7s94afeKYRzM70w70DogltVbjgps8i4T47U.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | PAY PER VIEW", A FAZENDA CAM 1
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlRzHzf4zaRmuzjixxZxnNA
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="A FAZENDA CAM 2" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/RFpGgiFIwD-zg89GX_bnrLd8I6goRRFfXTdLMhD-WuZRmvjkpGhlQ1uoBGuSN8ZWL4T4cPdf7s94afeKYRzM70w70DogltVbjgps8i4T47U.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | PAY PER VIEW", A FAZENDA CAM 2
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnH6Ni9Ro5etraPzVCNcRGW
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="A FAZENDA CAM 3" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/RFpGgiFIwD-zg89GX_bnrLd8I6goRRFfXTdLMhD-WuZRmvjkpGhlQ1uoBGuSN8ZWL4T4cPdf7s94afeKYRzM70w70DogltVbjgps8i4T47U.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | PAY PER VIEW", A FAZENDA CAM 3
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkeXqZ0K2MHHp3TyO9p1YsH
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="A FAZENDA CAM 4" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/RFpGgiFIwD-zg89GX_bnrLd8I6goRRFfXTdLMhD-WuZRmvjkpGhlQ1uoBGuSN8ZWL4T4cPdf7s94afeKYRzM70w70DogltVbjgps8i4T47U.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | PAY PER VIEW", A FAZENDA CAM 4
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkmpJPjr29VbsE4Gr-ESbIK
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="A FAZENDA CAM 5" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/RFpGgiFIwD-zg89GX_bnrLd8I6goRRFfXTdLMhD-WuZRmvjkpGhlQ1uoBGuSN8ZWL4T4cPdf7s94afeKYRzM70w70DogltVbjgps8i4T47U.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | PAY PER VIEW", A FAZENDA CAM 5
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkVraHcJX1Fu6ROEdcvlq89
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="A FAZENDA CAM 6" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/RFpGgiFIwD-zg89GX_bnrLd8I6goRRFfXTdLMhD-WuZRmvjkpGhlQ1uoBGuSN8ZWL4T4cPdf7s94afeKYRzM70w70DogltVbjgps8i4T47U.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | PAY PER VIEW", A FAZENDA CAM 6
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmeMlmPO774MB-gPGoIOZGT
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="A FAZENDA PRINCIPAL" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/RFpGgiFIwD-zg89GX_bnrLd8I6goRRFfXTdLMhD-WuZRmvjkpGhlQ1uoBGuSN8ZWL4T4cPdf7s94afeKYRzM70w70DogltVbjgps8i4T47U.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | PAY PER VIEW", A FAZENDA PRINCIPAL
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnXsAY_CMOxIljlG9FweuC1
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Apple TV Live" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/CePpbbHew0WfOJfAVkoHt2By1ygL1phhCFfTOMcvorB4UmMe7w69JavX4t6gPonBxq2BaVdp_LjWlnottbRaqtBsG5wkHivFQt2hJKSoqKVV3X3p61wBs31Ry_vbYidBd_si_LhX-eqLAYk2TBW7q50tICAKLhxO0Ec6b1Mj_U8.png" group-title="CANAIS | PAY PER VIEW", Apple TV Live
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnz45pntezDpReFTxzz2Jx0
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="CANAL GOAT HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/7EPi1Km-Tx0PhdOm52o0kEdgKysB5c9NGevafwd8lCNVZGaOI33FVlzMqkh1lft3.png" group-title="CANAIS | PAY PER VIEW", CANAL GOAT HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk1WU0bkahUOXcBe09aSBfK
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="FURACAO PLAY FHD" tvg-logo="https://play-lh.googleusercontent.com/EVYBp9Ji_3cc7-ELVjIh-RIh_-bshwIpW1UWIxZUhbhUlJZ8vvkadP66TDYMltH8qtc" group-title="CANAIS | PAY PER VIEW", FURACAO PLAY FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnPgNAMlKsNpXgiO7XhJ2XZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="HBO Max 01 HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/ATmWasbUSMliiCknf1UK4qgvz969MmV6rrHLQAahwgzrBEGwKb5E1bFsSuLM5E9r3fAe5ItaZOSZvn8pjQxjTWb1EUHkIII13CAc_6GTRxytDGZW0CZoCB0CYG-wf077.png" group-title="CANAIS | PAY PER VIEW", HBO Max 01 HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkMcwYh4t-1X7pwPER0jzjv
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="HBO Max 02 HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/ATmWasbUSMliiCknf1UK4qgvz969MmV6rrHLQAahwgzrBEGwKb5E1bFsSuLM5E9r3fAe5ItaZOSZvn8pjQxjTWb1EUHkIII13CAc_6GTRxytDGZW0CZoCB0CYG-wf077.png" group-title="CANAIS | PAY PER VIEW", HBO Max 02 HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkRq0mWhCs7-VoRmMlEKQXh
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="HBO MAX 03 HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/ATmWasbUSMliiCknf1UK4qgvz969MmV6rrHLQAahwgzrBEGwKb5E1bFsSuLM5E9r3fAe5ItaZOSZvn8pjQxjTWb1EUHkIII13CAc_6GTRxytDGZW0CZoCB0CYG-wf077.png" group-title="CANAIS | PAY PER VIEW", HBO MAX 03 HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkZPgqtUbrMF1syELV1Ezkt
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="HBO MAX 04 HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/ATmWasbUSMliiCknf1UK4qgvz969MmV6rrHLQAahwgzrBEGwKb5E1bFsSuLM5E9r3fAe5ItaZOSZvn8pjQxjTWb1EUHkIII13CAc_6GTRxytDGZW0CZoCB0CYG-wf077.png" group-title="CANAIS | PAY PER VIEW", HBO MAX 04 HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlISclg-Y8FbumTDxzRzIu-
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="HBO MAX 05 HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/ATmWasbUSMliiCknf1UK4qgvz969MmV6rrHLQAahwgzrBEGwKb5E1bFsSuLM5E9r3fAe5ItaZOSZvn8pjQxjTWb1EUHkIII13CAc_6GTRxytDGZW0CZoCB0CYG-wf077.png" group-title="CANAIS | PAY PER VIEW", HBO MAX 05 HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmdft1TbO-BBUFNm0gBLHbj
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="HBO Max 06 HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/ATmWasbUSMliiCknf1UK4qgvz969MmV6rrHLQAahwgzrBEGwKb5E1bFsSuLM5E9r3fAe5ItaZOSZvn8pjQxjTWb1EUHkIII13CAc_6GTRxytDGZW0CZoCB0CYG-wf077.png" group-title="CANAIS | PAY PER VIEW", HBO Max 06 HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSljYKFfQPAWqT_oN5H8Ip3m
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="NBA TV" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Bp-vRtZEje6kFpdMZzWxZ7nrl8_UhPZZ8nYJelHWk68aFDgT-bKUl_w22IYiZOU0ahaBbl4jOeID8UJ5-9MVPShm9yFapykKr3S5RWd5ey8.png" group-title="CANAIS | PAY PER VIEW", NBA TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnAIqCh3mGGO8qF821MV59t
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="NFL NETWORK HD" tvg-logo="https://static.www.nfl.com/image/private/f_auto/league/ued3sskkptnlpeh0artu" group-title="CANAIS | PAY PER VIEW", NFL NETWORK HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmFAGL5pbqxBy2NyYAE7OYS
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="NHL NETWORK HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/plqbglM8JxBMPAASwLwS2imLhSLyXFaQM7PAkKWBEma7ZxFSEUdAfaazGlhDZfOVCoC9HWnRcC0VlQB4H55MpxOpvDjDn5XHPcdMXm9OQr_KjPWf-3MIErykNendof6x881C5HFCx0P7DiScCZV_Tw.png" group-title="CANAIS | PAY PER VIEW", NHL NETWORK HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl_t3GnyA3JX26R7tNom2x9
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="ONEFOOTBALL HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/XSTNKyrnWJkO-JmgKUOjUpxuO2mVMf91-XAlTxRLVcFwJiiFc-sEGzn-xm1aVgBFbHtz4Z8ulF4TZzTxsjGZVfw1qJXHl7yH-TRYIHcpRhc.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | PAY PER VIEW", ONEFOOTBALL HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSld1kKMouQo7WSzuqwNdZko
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PRIME VIDEO 1 HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/m0L1cTfVGunSvdcXcByW8OjGkLi6N_XilNEdkw93qunPOBDrBePOYwA-I_A32-9ZI3UBJThi-iK3jol5DAjD8Q.png" group-title="CANAIS | PAY PER VIEW", PRIME VIDEO 1 HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmZrMrsUUBy9TrXnzGOROqa
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PRIME VIDEO 2 HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/m0L1cTfVGunSvdcXcByW8OjGkLi6N_XilNEdkw93qunPOBDrBePOYwA-I_A32-9ZI3UBJThi-iK3jol5DAjD8Q.png" group-title="CANAIS | PAY PER VIEW", PRIME VIDEO 2 HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl7onbrYIrOPoPNpoY3K3NJ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PRIME VIDEO 3 HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/m0L1cTfVGunSvdcXcByW8OjGkLi6N_XilNEdkw93qunPOBDrBePOYwA-I_A32-9ZI3UBJThi-iK3jol5DAjD8Q.png" group-title="CANAIS | PAY PER VIEW", PRIME VIDEO 3 HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmqg4fz8mQV6fiZTo5Nzc2E
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PRIME VIDEO 4 HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/m0L1cTfVGunSvdcXcByW8OjGkLi6N_XilNEdkw93qunPOBDrBePOYwA-I_A32-9ZI3UBJThi-iK3jol5DAjD8Q.png" group-title="CANAIS | PAY PER VIEW", PRIME VIDEO 4 HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmKkVM43p8SIJ9WKuHVWPh9
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="STAR + HD" tvg-logo="https://www.lavoz.com.ar/resizer/-F1pX8Tlm4bJGz2nuI4wgeHaM8s=/980x640/smart/filters:quality(75):format(webp)/cloudfront-us-east-1.images.arcpublishing.com/grupoclarin/2MAHHX3HDJGGZJV7WN6FPCN7JA.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | PAY PER VIEW", STAR + HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk5kekwlphjp5n2KapnnNT3
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="STAR + HD 2" tvg-logo="https://www.lavoz.com.ar/resizer/-F1pX8Tlm4bJGz2nuI4wgeHaM8s=/980x640/smart/filters:quality(75):format(webp)/cloudfront-us-east-1.images.arcpublishing.com/grupoclarin/2MAHHX3HDJGGZJV7WN6FPCN7JA.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | PAY PER VIEW", STAR + HD 2
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlf-zubwlDWKxqghbw3aK1L
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="STAR + HD 3" tvg-logo="https://www.lavoz.com.ar/resizer/-F1pX8Tlm4bJGz2nuI4wgeHaM8s=/980x640/smart/filters:quality(75):format(webp)/cloudfront-us-east-1.images.arcpublishing.com/grupoclarin/2MAHHX3HDJGGZJV7WN6FPCN7JA.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | PAY PER VIEW", STAR + HD 3
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmz0CzrxgbFv_Nf2As7Zigr
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="STAR + HD 4" tvg-logo="https://www.lavoz.com.ar/resizer/-F1pX8Tlm4bJGz2nuI4wgeHaM8s=/980x640/smart/filters:quality(75):format(webp)/cloudfront-us-east-1.images.arcpublishing.com/grupoclarin/2MAHHX3HDJGGZJV7WN6FPCN7JA.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | PAY PER VIEW", STAR + HD 4
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSniYCjMw-2Tp_Ul6OrdxyyQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="STAR + HD 5" tvg-logo="https://www.lavoz.com.ar/resizer/-F1pX8Tlm4bJGz2nuI4wgeHaM8s=/980x640/smart/filters:quality(75):format(webp)/cloudfront-us-east-1.images.arcpublishing.com/grupoclarin/2MAHHX3HDJGGZJV7WN6FPCN7JA.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | PAY PER VIEW", STAR + HD 5
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm3_MbkXlQ05MATNMlmYSPw
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="STAR + HD 6" tvg-logo="https://www.lavoz.com.ar/resizer/-F1pX8Tlm4bJGz2nuI4wgeHaM8s=/980x640/smart/filters:quality(75):format(webp)/cloudfront-us-east-1.images.arcpublishing.com/grupoclarin/2MAHHX3HDJGGZJV7WN6FPCN7JA.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | PAY PER VIEW", STAR + HD 6
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnSZiZl_TkC5m37LNgLYG15
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="STAR + HD 7" tvg-logo="https://www.lavoz.com.ar/resizer/-F1pX8Tlm4bJGz2nuI4wgeHaM8s=/980x640/smart/filters:quality(75):format(webp)/cloudfront-us-east-1.images.arcpublishing.com/grupoclarin/2MAHHX3HDJGGZJV7WN6FPCN7JA.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | PAY PER VIEW", STAR + HD 7
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkcHIl1QqNdufGfB5P6EIY1
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="STAR + HD 8" tvg-logo="https://www.lavoz.com.ar/resizer/-F1pX8Tlm4bJGz2nuI4wgeHaM8s=/980x640/smart/filters:quality(75):format(webp)/cloudfront-us-east-1.images.arcpublishing.com/grupoclarin/2MAHHX3HDJGGZJV7WN6FPCN7JA.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | PAY PER VIEW", STAR + HD 8
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkuvBzPutXTev5fRP9rrP1d
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="STAR + HD 9" tvg-logo="https://www.lavoz.com.ar/resizer/-F1pX8Tlm4bJGz2nuI4wgeHaM8s=/980x640/smart/filters:quality(75):format(webp)/cloudfront-us-east-1.images.arcpublishing.com/grupoclarin/2MAHHX3HDJGGZJV7WN6FPCN7JA.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | PAY PER VIEW", STAR + HD 9
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmOYa9atvklM6Q6YSLY4_cM
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="UFC FIGHT PASS HD" tvg-logo="https://dmxg5wxfqgb4u.cloudfront.net/styles/card/s3/2022-08/ufc-fight-pass-logo.jpg?itok=M3m2R8Ji" group-title="CANAIS | PAY PER VIEW", UFC FIGHT PASS HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlHO-5FpIzrZawQTzkWw_YW
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="UFC FIGHT PASS HD²" tvg-logo="https://dmxg5wxfqgb4u.cloudfront.net/styles/card/s3/2022-08/ufc-fight-pass-logo.jpg?itok=M3m2R8Ji" group-title="CANAIS | PAY PER VIEW", UFC FIGHT PASS HD²
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmWTbAgNxbjtj-a--0OtPLB
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="a.e.br" tvg-name="A&E FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/RwiHaUOvpxxT69YjE46Chgigan8SBzuaARfxU9HS3qg6jr8EpjJ5FK897I46GdnoOepVzRNgxIuB4IrSd0YjBg.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", A&E FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn5vcI64jZqVYqRYa1a8vqm
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="a.e.br" tvg-name="A&E FHD H265" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/RwiHaUOvpxxT69YjE46Chgigan8SBzuaARfxU9HS3qg6jr8EpjJ5FK897I46GdnoOepVzRNgxIuB4IrSd0YjBg.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", A&E FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlwiiusrHpX2FwI4OrZyy-U
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="a.e.br" tvg-name="A&E HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/RwiHaUOvpxxT69YjE46Chgigan8SBzuaARfxU9HS3qg6jr8EpjJ5FK897I46GdnoOepVzRNgxIuB4IrSd0YjBg.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", A&E HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlQlfVnAFmDW_hpez5t7im6
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="a.e.br" tvg-name="A&E SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/RwiHaUOvpxxT69YjE46Chgigan8SBzuaARfxU9HS3qg6jr8EpjJ5FK897I46GdnoOepVzRNgxIuB4IrSd0YjBg.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", A&E SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnavtUrpo1zODmwvFJ6fx7G
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="amc.br" tvg-name="AMC FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWUekN9HN4C6j_obxMnhxPpDPtPayKtgO6whgBY7NieXLmR_sRvWloIqaFpPZfj1gCo.png" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", AMC FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSne8p9bzcEBIQsqPJFAkfPu
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="amc.br" tvg-name="AMC FHD H265" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWUekN9HN4C6j_obxMnhxPpDPtPayKtgO6whgBY7NieXLmR_sRvWloIqaFpPZfj1gCo.png" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", AMC FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnsFwA7kAnfx7_sa53CMj7W
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="amc.br" tvg-name="AMC HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWUekN9HN4C6j_obxMnhxPpDPtPayKtgO6whgBY7NieXLmR_sRvWloIqaFpPZfj1gCo.png" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", AMC HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkaNrk2KLsphWgErGutLM8k
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="amc.br" tvg-name="AMC SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWUekN9HN4C6j_obxMnhxPpDPtPayKtgO6whgBY7NieXLmR_sRvWloIqaFpPZfj1gCo.png" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", AMC SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkqd2AII5UgWN4Ne0Tzd7qy
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="axn.br" tvg-name="AXN FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/McwsJcYw_mcQAzCGQe-sfjPCzY_9_sXPc7ExkXN-2WppP12MiNb2giCrD1xDza5f9pQ54_1tpcovu5YKYINnnlKzBwbUevvFtjYRqSZ65qb7o82Y5ix-RsZp3AKWOFZ7q2YziUrFQJTA2uZdUWdiE9uKdNXCGpxluOCsvD87Z3oMiBZhQiRr0VWQVwqut7kLCsQV5y-peQzkPuiy2WX55Wnbfo1nH6UhVPIYY7QW5Zw.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", AXN FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkllY0wT_dFmvvp4-KWmrvP
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="axn.br" tvg-name="AXN FHD H265" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/McwsJcYw_mcQAzCGQe-sfjPCzY_9_sXPc7ExkXN-2WppP12MiNb2giCrD1xDza5f9pQ54_1tpcovu5YKYINnnlKzBwbUevvFtjYRqSZ65qb7o82Y5ix-RsZp3AKWOFZ7q2YziUrFQJTA2uZdUWdiE9uKdNXCGpxluOCsvD87Z3oMiBZhQiRr0VWQVwqut7kLCsQV5y-peQzkPuiy2WX55Wnbfo1nH6UhVPIYY7QW5Zw.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", AXN FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnOUOsS6TAoTXdHOsLHLzyb
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="axn.br" tvg-name="AXN HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/McwsJcYw_mcQAzCGQe-sfjPCzY_9_sXPc7ExkXN-2WppP12MiNb2giCrD1xDza5f9pQ54_1tpcovu5YKYINnnlKzBwbUevvFtjYRqSZ65qb7o82Y5ix-RsZp3AKWOFZ7q2YziUrFQJTA2uZdUWdiE9uKdNXCGpxluOCsvD87Z3oMiBZhQiRr0VWQVwqut7kLCsQV5y-peQzkPuiy2WX55Wnbfo1nH6UhVPIYY7QW5Zw.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", AXN HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnHaHAbdnU_DgM7J55zb7o5
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="axn.br" tvg-name="AXN SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/McwsJcYw_mcQAzCGQe-sfjPCzY_9_sXPc7ExkXN-2WppP12MiNb2giCrD1xDza5f9pQ54_1tpcovu5YKYINnnlKzBwbUevvFtjYRqSZ65qb7o82Y5ix-RsZp3AKWOFZ7q2YziUrFQJTA2uZdUWdiE9uKdNXCGpxluOCsvD87Z3oMiBZhQiRr0VWQVwqut7kLCsQV5y-peQzkPuiy2WX55Wnbfo1nH6UhVPIYY7QW5Zw.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", AXN SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnfI1BiPu8B-mIa_CLE_DJl
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="CINE DC HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/MNPzr_7b7pk1t-3LSOpnP6LLib2JuxhcQciyM_VvM4wvQrGr-r2wej2IrNXnHTVJzBUaxTL8TXy_4UMAVVLdDPTv3nCBTBAZgCKHu2UCpJU7GOeim_hd5If0e3l4GIyVYNrOdYYMnZM0flIHj_uBF9swv0UFhJBLCZPnULEL1cw.png" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", CINE DC HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkiRzYXupNFQRKqx5yxtGk1
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="CINE DISNEY" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/K2P9vrzVSAF9X3_WHsGPXRT0WdJGIIPgxh0HQ48BNxV27jrMFC_J1F2yuVqO-9GQboaJyDY3L64SI9mze1ZWI1g7BXLZ2XsvUDye3eF8zBY.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", CINE DISNEY
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmNmC-wmE06zD2PR0miN8h_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="CINE MARVEL HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/036poUKoOLm55SJjL7q1j6U33aF1bYnyruIKkWynE0G1A63WGfn7f8rlGukjBc95S146CfwUkdqe0eoHyyeBAbPQc3J2UXadMXEG1a5aYLM.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", CINE MARVEL HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlqy0spTZ8BDorZUFHF6D2J
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="CINECANAL FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/2Y3zuB0tQO0_-_Ubhq48OudL9snmUQmeFqXcOg3FgHGiePeGOqky5A-CG8NcLHPMo9FsjDmcCU3NczVZhe1M2ahAr2rwwzrp3U5Yk-KcmFHmmeCMq5dYexKELVvFKGJ-KXvY1mmWebd8ogKsqbnQKw.jpeg" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", CINECANAL FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmgosug8y3XELzz6moNFvXw
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="CINECANAL FHD H265" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/2Y3zuB0tQO0_-_Ubhq48OudL9snmUQmeFqXcOg3FgHGiePeGOqky5A-CG8NcLHPMo9FsjDmcCU3NczVZhe1M2ahAr2rwwzrp3U5Yk-KcmFHmmeCMq5dYexKELVvFKGJ-KXvY1mmWebd8ogKsqbnQKw.jpeg" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", CINECANAL FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlVIba043DfLHvl7AhisFNU
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="CINECANAL HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/2Y3zuB0tQO0_-_Ubhq48OudL9snmUQmeFqXcOg3FgHGiePeGOqky5A-CG8NcLHPMo9FsjDmcCU3NczVZhe1M2ahAr2rwwzrp3U5Yk-KcmFHmmeCMq5dYexKELVvFKGJ-KXvY1mmWebd8ogKsqbnQKw.jpeg" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", CINECANAL HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn2N-he7MA22tuy4N6rHL9B
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="CINECANAL SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/2Y3zuB0tQO0_-_Ubhq48OudL9snmUQmeFqXcOg3FgHGiePeGOqky5A-CG8NcLHPMo9FsjDmcCU3NczVZhe1M2ahAr2rwwzrp3U5Yk-KcmFHmmeCMq5dYexKELVvFKGJ-KXvY1mmWebd8ogKsqbnQKw.jpeg" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", CINECANAL SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmTHmEq_xKZB2dje_bYlAyM
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="cinemax.br" tvg-name="CINEMAX FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/McwsJcYw_mcQAzCGQe-sfogbNtGKtDelIR62pDcFLGxfFcWyzevjVxoQtM34WDci9RsskXenoW8ZOIFc69BhRKPaBtYgKYexyy6dq4GoUjQuoYisQdcV69U16OKRs7tTgVbZ_8koxzUw0IhkrX9pH3KnaeON65E0L0l6hp2oAlU.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", CINEMAX FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlhjSNO6688RX-Og-i_GZxq
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="cinemax.br" tvg-name="CINEMAX FHD H265" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/McwsJcYw_mcQAzCGQe-sfogbNtGKtDelIR62pDcFLGxfFcWyzevjVxoQtM34WDci9RsskXenoW8ZOIFc69BhRKPaBtYgKYexyy6dq4GoUjQuoYisQdcV69U16OKRs7tTgVbZ_8koxzUw0IhkrX9pH3KnaeON65E0L0l6hp2oAlU.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", CINEMAX FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmk6MteK2r0q4gRUgerOWlH
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="cinemax.br" tvg-name="CINEMAX HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/McwsJcYw_mcQAzCGQe-sfogbNtGKtDelIR62pDcFLGxfFcWyzevjVxoQtM34WDci9RsskXenoW8ZOIFc69BhRKPaBtYgKYexyy6dq4GoUjQuoYisQdcV69U16OKRs7tTgVbZ_8koxzUw0IhkrX9pH3KnaeON65E0L0l6hp2oAlU.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", CINEMAX HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk8SVjM0jda10TfJTsfUEln
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="cinemax.br" tvg-name="CINEMAX SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/McwsJcYw_mcQAzCGQe-sfogbNtGKtDelIR62pDcFLGxfFcWyzevjVxoQtM34WDci9RsskXenoW8ZOIFc69BhRKPaBtYgKYexyy6dq4GoUjQuoYisQdcV69U16OKRs7tTgVbZ_8koxzUw0IhkrX9pH3KnaeON65E0L0l6hp2oAlU.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", CINEMAX SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnT3aB1iq75mPHLg47My2ds
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="eurochannel.br" tvg-name="EUROCHANEL FHD" tvg-logo="https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/7/73/EUROCHANNEL_2007.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20150310173519" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", EUROCHANEL FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkHGCBBazuy-cPV194IaK2U
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="eurochannel.br" tvg-name="EUROCHANEL HD" tvg-logo="https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/7/73/EUROCHANNEL_2007.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20150310173519" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", EUROCHANEL HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm2ZviteVD6S0XUcoQ5DSYF
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="fx.br" tvg-name="FX FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/XSTNKyrnWJkO-JmgKUOjUpxuO2mVMf91-XAlTxRLVcFMEKmTqfJUTLxKbG2cqQldg-PnfEOBPuQvj0LPDL8cBdswx0YOyvicL0dzO0u8XhM.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", FX FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnf-WEQa3tbPeIN41oXEP3w
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="fx.br" tvg-name="FX FHD H265" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/XSTNKyrnWJkO-JmgKUOjUpxuO2mVMf91-XAlTxRLVcFMEKmTqfJUTLxKbG2cqQldg-PnfEOBPuQvj0LPDL8cBdswx0YOyvicL0dzO0u8XhM.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", FX FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnIAtSWZVSf0U6hYB9CCN6E
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="fx.br" tvg-name="FX HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/XSTNKyrnWJkO-JmgKUOjUpxuO2mVMf91-XAlTxRLVcFMEKmTqfJUTLxKbG2cqQldg-PnfEOBPuQvj0LPDL8cBdswx0YOyvicL0dzO0u8XhM.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", FX HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn7VnXJmkuZuNOmmRvsuDTR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="fx.br" tvg-name="FX SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/XSTNKyrnWJkO-JmgKUOjUpxuO2mVMf91-XAlTxRLVcFMEKmTqfJUTLxKbG2cqQldg-PnfEOBPuQvj0LPDL8cBdswx0YOyvicL0dzO0u8XhM.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", FX SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlOiK79TFJbGE04KP_DhLSO
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="GOSPEL MOVIES TELEVISION" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Lwxj8bYbggrXqpALRhD6NZOQw3_s-QW03HQSFpebtMpFj_P07eR0KuKhPa1K_aI2vwQQinFTcShPqHMQQyJhZA.png" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", GOSPEL MOVIES TELEVISION
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmgaFjz72UnxkT-7os4c1VV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="megapix.br" tvg-name="MEGAPIX FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/zZnHzD_drfcbU0W2eI10Q8vEFOpECgntd0OJ7T_K76qpXnkLZF80GatgSXD7taDALWpGcpqrnkdO3XuLRBDg1925AXkAeeMcelAd7ggYzaY.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", MEGAPIX FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlnsM1a6jnVjYn7OkoiTyXe
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="megapix.br" tvg-name="MEGAPIX FHD H265" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/zZnHzD_drfcbU0W2eI10Q8vEFOpECgntd0OJ7T_K76qpXnkLZF80GatgSXD7taDALWpGcpqrnkdO3XuLRBDg1925AXkAeeMcelAd7ggYzaY.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", MEGAPIX FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkeZSJtgJwwx13Vfvd_kEG2
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="megapix.br" tvg-name="MEGAPIX HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/zZnHzD_drfcbU0W2eI10Q8vEFOpECgntd0OJ7T_K76qpXnkLZF80GatgSXD7taDALWpGcpqrnkdO3XuLRBDg1925AXkAeeMcelAd7ggYzaY.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", MEGAPIX HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmFu1tglRxIebfjZZcXtmFo
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="megapix.br" tvg-name="MEGAPIX SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/zZnHzD_drfcbU0W2eI10Q8vEFOpECgntd0OJ7T_K76qpXnkLZF80GatgSXD7taDALWpGcpqrnkdO3XuLRBDg1925AXkAeeMcelAd7ggYzaY.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", MEGAPIX SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmwhxVzzOx00gUKdS0hNf3c
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="paramount.br" tvg-name="PARAMOUNT CHANNEL FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/-7oKEATgI6CdWxwKW-B7i1OQbfnX64zgeN1ST75MaNgNhieKLH2eeu-IXC22r9vwYvo1syTXhET502JDq4wiq21XX6RfSm5XzM4rFTQyZF8.png" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", PARAMOUNT CHANNEL FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnIRSyIjA84kmo-W1OP_QEO
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="paramount.br" tvg-name="PARAMOUNT CHANNEL FHD H265" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/-7oKEATgI6CdWxwKW-B7i1OQbfnX64zgeN1ST75MaNgNhieKLH2eeu-IXC22r9vwYvo1syTXhET502JDq4wiq21XX6RfSm5XzM4rFTQyZF8.png" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", PARAMOUNT CHANNEL FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnf1DFXrjqFNvpP9NjJ5klE
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="paramount.br" tvg-name="PARAMOUNT CHANNEL HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/-7oKEATgI6CdWxwKW-B7i1OQbfnX64zgeN1ST75MaNgNhieKLH2eeu-IXC22r9vwYvo1syTXhET502JDq4wiq21XX6RfSm5XzM4rFTQyZF8.png" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", PARAMOUNT CHANNEL HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl9OxotTg57wcFYi7WOg4OE
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="paramount.br" tvg-name="PARAMOUNT CHANNEL SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/-7oKEATgI6CdWxwKW-B7i1OQbfnX64zgeN1ST75MaNgNhieKLH2eeu-IXC22r9vwYvo1syTXhET502JDq4wiq21XX6RfSm5XzM4rFTQyZF8.png" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", PARAMOUNT CHANNEL SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkbAp5XTTBiio0GKQ5plzyU
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="sony.br" tvg-name="SONY FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWUzaq6GwEzbzx4iUpuSx7OAseWwj-oJn0a3ihaHtk7NEObRCxgUDIOVj-nDDG14URA.png" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", SONY FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlLTK9L2eUKjHdtLvJemyBg
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="sony.br" tvg-name="SONY FHD H265" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWUzaq6GwEzbzx4iUpuSx7OAseWwj-oJn0a3ihaHtk7NEObRCxgUDIOVj-nDDG14URA.png" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", SONY FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmjuwaVTYUsK12OvDKcHytt
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="sony.br" tvg-name="SONY HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWUzaq6GwEzbzx4iUpuSx7OAseWwj-oJn0a3ihaHtk7NEObRCxgUDIOVj-nDDG14URA.png" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", SONY HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSktDVpkVYRaG5tnXbIl_FB0
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="sony.br" tvg-name="SONY SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWUzaq6GwEzbzx4iUpuSx7OAseWwj-oJn0a3ihaHtk7NEObRCxgUDIOVj-nDDG14URA.png" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", SONY SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkt8-lXYqt7OA8LsfWAaWeJ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="space.br" tvg-name="SPACE FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/DoDf6N0BG8e7Hu3qtK_e-hJHDg6c1954yBZQOeER8INkCvLrmu76AKyw6uE6I1Acm01GkeWtwXOPwPo0-UK74zI5bq7GMA61owbrmzCVe8Pb6tNxnMJpOS4n3aspOoOSRKSL4i64QZ7uLess2tnycw.png" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", SPACE FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlNWdKBFVpOUokXdMymErVN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="space.br" tvg-name="SPACE FHD H265" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/DoDf6N0BG8e7Hu3qtK_e-hJHDg6c1954yBZQOeER8INkCvLrmu76AKyw6uE6I1Acm01GkeWtwXOPwPo0-UK74zI5bq7GMA61owbrmzCVe8Pb6tNxnMJpOS4n3aspOoOSRKSL4i64QZ7uLess2tnycw.png" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", SPACE FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlxBYawLL03zG9jJsw2NanN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="space.br" tvg-name="SPACE HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/DoDf6N0BG8e7Hu3qtK_e-hJHDg6c1954yBZQOeER8INkCvLrmu76AKyw6uE6I1Acm01GkeWtwXOPwPo0-UK74zI5bq7GMA61owbrmzCVe8Pb6tNxnMJpOS4n3aspOoOSRKSL4i64QZ7uLess2tnycw.png" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", SPACE HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkCm3Hst8kTiiFQsj3ewqWO
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="space.br" tvg-name="SPACE SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/DoDf6N0BG8e7Hu3qtK_e-hJHDg6c1954yBZQOeER8INkCvLrmu76AKyw6uE6I1Acm01GkeWtwXOPwPo0-UK74zI5bq7GMA61owbrmzCVe8Pb6tNxnMJpOS4n3aspOoOSRKSL4i64QZ7uLess2tnycw.png" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", SPACE SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnrWplkwFX0Or1-y1UD-TYL
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="star.br" tvg-name="STAR CHANNEL FHD" tvg-logo="https://elcomercio.pe/resizer/3aspnZC__0mIEzEVI7-AwYPTXro=/580x330/smart/filters:format(jpeg):quality(75)/cloudfront-us-east-1.images.arcpublishing.com/elcomercio/KMAWWZJ7NBF2DNBSD5XW6X2BFU.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", STAR CHANNEL FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk4VHQucsparF7UoBP7lft7
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="star.br" tvg-name="STAR CHANNEL FHD H265" tvg-logo="https://elcomercio.pe/resizer/3aspnZC__0mIEzEVI7-AwYPTXro=/580x330/smart/filters:format(jpeg):quality(75)/cloudfront-us-east-1.images.arcpublishing.com/elcomercio/KMAWWZJ7NBF2DNBSD5XW6X2BFU.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", STAR CHANNEL FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnaqkANBdo_GdxAqglf7bkk
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="star.br" tvg-name="STAR CHANNEL HD" tvg-logo="https://elcomercio.pe/resizer/3aspnZC__0mIEzEVI7-AwYPTXro=/580x330/smart/filters:format(jpeg):quality(75)/cloudfront-us-east-1.images.arcpublishing.com/elcomercio/KMAWWZJ7NBF2DNBSD5XW6X2BFU.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", STAR CHANNEL HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnUIjkMZ4OxPjMpIP6KZWik
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="star.br" tvg-name="STAR CHANNEL SD" tvg-logo="https://elcomercio.pe/resizer/3aspnZC__0mIEzEVI7-AwYPTXro=/580x330/smart/filters:format(jpeg):quality(75)/cloudfront-us-east-1.images.arcpublishing.com/elcomercio/KMAWWZJ7NBF2DNBSD5XW6X2BFU.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", STAR CHANNEL SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlqToAvrWkuw65DAvFS75O5
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="studio.universal.br" tvg-name="STUDIO UNIVERSAL FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/bCFZclLa4rgR90SRqAl-cMQ7NZDdinaOxRnySkJZDoKEtNiNZNyAscevH1MQ4G0g4QDXcDPRqTuN889IlDSmrMHhhLEFFK3nQa5sEaU66YTMQ8dVvl9aizDn4wXXjQFhIs0JjRvOxUC-wArwX47nmdKWsxHsm58Sju3yOmE7XG6d7pxqsd5EHHHEtH7ko3OSXXyY6Dgkwbv9wvbO1ZhTB4202OaJEu8b7ovPsBg6aLc.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", STUDIO UNIVERSAL FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSksmHYko4Lg4mZ11pvW3Qx4
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="studio.universal.br" tvg-name="STUDIO UNIVERSAL FHD H265" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/bCFZclLa4rgR90SRqAl-cMQ7NZDdinaOxRnySkJZDoKEtNiNZNyAscevH1MQ4G0g4QDXcDPRqTuN889IlDSmrMHhhLEFFK3nQa5sEaU66YTMQ8dVvl9aizDn4wXXjQFhIs0JjRvOxUC-wArwX47nmdKWsxHsm58Sju3yOmE7XG6d7pxqsd5EHHHEtH7ko3OSXXyY6Dgkwbv9wvbO1ZhTB4202OaJEu8b7ovPsBg6aLc.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", STUDIO UNIVERSAL FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl3y7EODVyJBWPIPit0oUfl
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="studio.universal.br" tvg-name="STUDIO UNIVERSAL HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/bCFZclLa4rgR90SRqAl-cMQ7NZDdinaOxRnySkJZDoKEtNiNZNyAscevH1MQ4G0g4QDXcDPRqTuN889IlDSmrMHhhLEFFK3nQa5sEaU66YTMQ8dVvl9aizDn4wXXjQFhIs0JjRvOxUC-wArwX47nmdKWsxHsm58Sju3yOmE7XG6d7pxqsd5EHHHEtH7ko3OSXXyY6Dgkwbv9wvbO1ZhTB4202OaJEu8b7ovPsBg6aLc.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", STUDIO UNIVERSAL HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnLAEstkuAhGnW2oW6hpcV2
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="studio.universal.br" tvg-name="STUDIO UNIVERSAL SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/bCFZclLa4rgR90SRqAl-cMQ7NZDdinaOxRnySkJZDoKEtNiNZNyAscevH1MQ4G0g4QDXcDPRqTuN889IlDSmrMHhhLEFFK3nQa5sEaU66YTMQ8dVvl9aizDn4wXXjQFhIs0JjRvOxUC-wArwX47nmdKWsxHsm58Sju3yOmE7XG6d7pxqsd5EHHHEtH7ko3OSXXyY6Dgkwbv9wvbO1ZhTB4202OaJEu8b7ovPsBg6aLc.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", STUDIO UNIVERSAL SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnkMwCoiSOu9VbYZcontrdA
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="syfy.br" tvg-name="SYFY FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/19zyEDjJytA8u9XgnxTslTXROzoFh9_7Sv0gAbCJYl_p8YcKQtYxsRTIwQPR4GFy.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", SYFY FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkDIiS94a5tn65GzF1oTB5m
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="syfy.br" tvg-name="SYFY FHD H265" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/19zyEDjJytA8u9XgnxTslTXROzoFh9_7Sv0gAbCJYl_p8YcKQtYxsRTIwQPR4GFy.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", SYFY FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl4swnP1DaJU6pnbAB5Rkqb
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="syfy.br" tvg-name="SYFY HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/19zyEDjJytA8u9XgnxTslTXROzoFh9_7Sv0gAbCJYl_p8YcKQtYxsRTIwQPR4GFy.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", SYFY HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn6C89BAenWplOERdqAo8DL
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="syfy.br" tvg-name="SYFY SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/19zyEDjJytA8u9XgnxTslTXROzoFh9_7Sv0gAbCJYl_p8YcKQtYxsRTIwQPR4GFy.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", SYFY SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnuwgs4F2JV0eEiCtS_o-TU
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tcm.br" tvg-name="TCM FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWUmA-s2Y9J-FScBjUYQULJDhbZhOQLNHRhG-9qubNcA6ptPA0WG8UFiyFYt-RwxN3rHNYRBglTrtroOCWvU8c7Slk3xfZHTdPsJDkgz0bFuGAuX9fTlr9YDZ0kqmIYjYGQ.png" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", TCM FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlsxbutwvVJSVYJqjEh4aly
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tcm.br" tvg-name="TCM FHD H265" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWUmA-s2Y9J-FScBjUYQULJDhbZhOQLNHRhG-9qubNcA6ptPA0WG8UFiyFYt-RwxN3rHNYRBglTrtroOCWvU8c7Slk3xfZHTdPsJDkgz0bFuGAuX9fTlr9YDZ0kqmIYjYGQ.png" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", TCM FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnn5A1Kd0OQblmNII22YBFO
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tcm.br" tvg-name="TCM HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWUmA-s2Y9J-FScBjUYQULJDhbZhOQLNHRhG-9qubNcA6ptPA0WG8UFiyFYt-RwxN3rHNYRBglTrtroOCWvU8c7Slk3xfZHTdPsJDkgz0bFuGAuX9fTlr9YDZ0kqmIYjYGQ.png" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", TCM HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmRv4CnWOXgI-T5mrt8FRl8
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tcm.br" tvg-name="TCM SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWUmA-s2Y9J-FScBjUYQULJDhbZhOQLNHRhG-9qubNcA6ptPA0WG8UFiyFYt-RwxN3rHNYRBglTrtroOCWvU8c7Slk3xfZHTdPsJDkgz0bFuGAuX9fTlr9YDZ0kqmIYjYGQ.png" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", TCM SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSngQUxsgI-ZWEwkog83R7pc
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tnt.br" tvg-name="TNT FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/plqbglM8JxBMPAASwLwS2tRdbmwPKddf6LWtzJ5rdE70WUPFgT0Y3JzL3g4cQbTI2Q94rh1cBvkJkI5fN1tgosjfDIMa5JfojupR0Pa6qFKZP8D3yYiYkzaUvGT9H7Qa.png" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", TNT FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlosWRGLnLJJSrzdtWLWWr7
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tnt.br" tvg-name="TNT FHD H265" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/plqbglM8JxBMPAASwLwS2tRdbmwPKddf6LWtzJ5rdE70WUPFgT0Y3JzL3g4cQbTI2Q94rh1cBvkJkI5fN1tgosjfDIMa5JfojupR0Pa6qFKZP8D3yYiYkzaUvGT9H7Qa.png" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", TNT FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnKu8_QwH_xGe7ROGpleRYn
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tnt.br" tvg-name="TNT HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/plqbglM8JxBMPAASwLwS2tRdbmwPKddf6LWtzJ5rdE70WUPFgT0Y3JzL3g4cQbTI2Q94rh1cBvkJkI5fN1tgosjfDIMa5JfojupR0Pa6qFKZP8D3yYiYkzaUvGT9H7Qa.png" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", TNT HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn0wLyat-7lEUO6dkioKotN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TNT NOVELAS FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/XSTNKyrnWJkO-JmgKUOjUg7stUGBpvgyItlt7KJHehMsmxXU8NxzD2785Lbf1FO1.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", TNT NOVELAS FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlftsdF0M8INZUwnvJfKz0z
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TNT NOVELAS HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/XSTNKyrnWJkO-JmgKUOjUg7stUGBpvgyItlt7KJHehMsmxXU8NxzD2785Lbf1FO1.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", TNT NOVELAS HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmV1HKWMQMZkdrJ9cTznSj7
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TNT NOVELAS SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/XSTNKyrnWJkO-JmgKUOjUg7stUGBpvgyItlt7KJHehMsmxXU8NxzD2785Lbf1FO1.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", TNT NOVELAS SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkVqxW7dZA4VNbwjK_BdjTF
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tnt.br" tvg-name="TNT SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/plqbglM8JxBMPAASwLwS2tRdbmwPKddf6LWtzJ5rdE70WUPFgT0Y3JzL3g4cQbTI2Q94rh1cBvkJkI5fN1tgosjfDIMa5JfojupR0Pa6qFKZP8D3yYiYkzaUvGT9H7Qa.png" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", TNT SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkz4-0uluv72T9dQneK62it
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tnt.series.br" tvg-name="TNT SERIES FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWUKo49zx_aanmT3t0Rh-UwAF6Tbl0KxrmKlmqDI6DvtVZemg29sHtfjsphKG-HDG0M.png" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", TNT SERIES FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl8MS6fi_FyQo7MJMt5C89r
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tnt.series.br" tvg-name="TNT SERIES FHD H265" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWUKo49zx_aanmT3t0Rh-UwAF6Tbl0KxrmKlmqDI6DvtVZemg29sHtfjsphKG-HDG0M.png" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", TNT SERIES FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmKpAyj7IqcnYycVdBWPfCt
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tnt.series.br" tvg-name="TNT SERIES HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWUKo49zx_aanmT3t0Rh-UwAF6Tbl0KxrmKlmqDI6DvtVZemg29sHtfjsphKG-HDG0M.png" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", TNT SERIES HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlK-Ypi2PZv-PKNJV_p5qNL
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tnt.br" tvg-name="TNT SERIES SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWUKo49zx_aanmT3t0Rh-UwAF6Tbl0KxrmKlmqDI6DvtVZemg29sHtfjsphKG-HDG0M.png" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", TNT SERIES SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnibr0PMeKXZoIepCHwr11u
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="universal.br" tvg-name="UNIVERSAL CHANNEL FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/yKopI9K_dqsexvW7iRYa45LNx0DAMo71MyFpkYBQJx4_tj1Js6hBOVGe8zv1aJq4i2IiUA22aAUfcN48rL1XZtN1PaglEB9xyxJsAg31Y7Y.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", UNIVERSAL CHANNEL FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmoBbqW3VR32MvabkCcOFro
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="universal.br" tvg-name="UNIVERSAL CHANNEL HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/yKopI9K_dqsexvW7iRYa45LNx0DAMo71MyFpkYBQJx4_tj1Js6hBOVGe8zv1aJq4i2IiUA22aAUfcN48rL1XZtN1PaglEB9xyxJsAg31Y7Y.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", UNIVERSAL CHANNEL HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmoafy5KJsoxhSB3qUx8_EB
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="universal.br" tvg-name="UNIVERSAL CHANNEL SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/yKopI9K_dqsexvW7iRYa45LNx0DAMo71MyFpkYBQJx4_tj1Js6hBOVGe8zv1aJq4i2IiUA22aAUfcN48rL1XZtN1PaglEB9xyxJsAg31Y7Y.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", UNIVERSAL CHANNEL SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmg7mA5JIqyaIEj1FHFlGVb
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="warner.br" tvg-name="WARNER CHANNEL FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWXm360tfVL4n72DiGcqnmJjd8nlQVyzk4uN8cAdeteFljQwrJ0722ApLeBnp0H2ICjD6GWCgGqHMM7OdOT5I5p4R1KbNbQ1vEk20nb2mFu7Pg.png" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", WARNER CHANNEL FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm53v6P20uPXmgEOSJrVvet
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="warner.br" tvg-name="WARNER CHANNEL FHD H265" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWXm360tfVL4n72DiGcqnmJjd8nlQVyzk4uN8cAdeteFljQwrJ0722ApLeBnp0H2ICjD6GWCgGqHMM7OdOT5I5p4R1KbNbQ1vEk20nb2mFu7Pg.png" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", WARNER CHANNEL FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmiRzH2y1e2vC9ODe1IEXp2
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="warner.br" tvg-name="WARNER CHANNEL HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWXm360tfVL4n72DiGcqnmJjd8nlQVyzk4uN8cAdeteFljQwrJ0722ApLeBnp0H2ICjD6GWCgGqHMM7OdOT5I5p4R1KbNbQ1vEk20nb2mFu7Pg.png" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", WARNER CHANNEL HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm3lV503YPhbvLC6hC9zRml
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="warner.br" tvg-name="WARNER CHANNEL SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWXm360tfVL4n72DiGcqnmJjd8nlQVyzk4uN8cAdeteFljQwrJ0722ApLeBnp0H2ICjD6GWCgGqHMM7OdOT5I5p4R1KbNbQ1vEk20nb2mFu7Pg.png" group-title="CANAIS | FILMES E SÉRIES", WARNER CHANNEL SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkzPL0ejvMAm5s-gN8FjaAb
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="AGENDA ESPORTIVA" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/3K4BvsVzrb04JLlohRTayXOVFGHf-CKqFUrEtVV3alCRdE-auQnKghKqpIurerPNipw1IHOIAI1ZLpYYhgF3glsNM0kEeFXuP_sDMA_zvYE.png" group-title="CANAIS | ESPORTES", AGENDA ESPORTIVA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm6h8V4FqplGcOJBV3fFSx6
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="a.e.br" tvg-name="BAND SPORTS FHD H265" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/ykgQhJH-sW7Kaqvf8Hx-57JekpHKYmvtj4woitmpVQy7JQ6SRlawAsIk0021Z1FTG_3ZqkvftW2JXYLV0IvCYuSM-z-_z8FXa0SAczkLWUKfBzYlnqkbZQrqwMBpzVmkY2aJgBGQtEVoDySqoBM_lwR-9db1k2RZV7UFD0meDco.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | ESPORTES", BAND SPORTS FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnIUF3kX5VDY8d3a9oKcA0D
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="a.e.br" tvg-name="BAND SPORTS HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/ykgQhJH-sW7Kaqvf8Hx-57JekpHKYmvtj4woitmpVQy7JQ6SRlawAsIk0021Z1FTG_3ZqkvftW2JXYLV0IvCYuSM-z-_z8FXa0SAczkLWUKfBzYlnqkbZQrqwMBpzVmkY2aJgBGQtEVoDySqoBM_lwR-9db1k2RZV7UFD0meDco.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | ESPORTES", BAND SPORTS HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk1Yt-bmc8SeaVomsE4RFM9
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="a.e.br" tvg-name="BAND SPORTS SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/ykgQhJH-sW7Kaqvf8Hx-57JekpHKYmvtj4woitmpVQy7JQ6SRlawAsIk0021Z1FTG_3ZqkvftW2JXYLV0IvCYuSM-z-_z8FXa0SAczkLWUKfBzYlnqkbZQrqwMBpzVmkY2aJgBGQtEVoDySqoBM_lwR-9db1k2RZV7UFD0meDco.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | ESPORTES", BAND SPORTS SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl_xflj8EgF9AU9Oub015NA
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="combate.br" tvg-name="COMBATE FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Bp-vRtZEje6kFpdMZzWxZ_LLd8du79MtONoXktlbV_BLAC97gCr11iUy9Wjac0EiaIlx6rb7563voGryMMcnQ19GPHkNyYwc7Es7N5aFB8c.png" group-title="CANAIS | ESPORTES", COMBATE FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlNujKHO0GWPU1Jy1lGLz3x
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="combate.br" tvg-name="COMBATE FHD H265" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Bp-vRtZEje6kFpdMZzWxZ_LLd8du79MtONoXktlbV_BLAC97gCr11iUy9Wjac0EiaIlx6rb7563voGryMMcnQ19GPHkNyYwc7Es7N5aFB8c.png" group-title="CANAIS | ESPORTES", COMBATE FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlxmTmrlNzLnCI_p5j0U942
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="combate.br" tvg-name="COMBATE HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Bp-vRtZEje6kFpdMZzWxZ_LLd8du79MtONoXktlbV_BLAC97gCr11iUy9Wjac0EiaIlx6rb7563voGryMMcnQ19GPHkNyYwc7Es7N5aFB8c.png" group-title="CANAIS | ESPORTES", COMBATE HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm5iAh4YSyEp-It4HM_C1mQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="combate.br" tvg-name="COMBATE SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Bp-vRtZEje6kFpdMZzWxZ_LLd8du79MtONoXktlbV_BLAC97gCr11iUy9Wjac0EiaIlx6rb7563voGryMMcnQ19GPHkNyYwc7Es7N5aFB8c.png" group-title="CANAIS | ESPORTES", COMBATE SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkvItITn_212wdvOtTF9YiA
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="conmebol.1.br" tvg-name="CONMEBOL PARAMOUNT+ 1 HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Bp-vRtZEje6kFpdMZzWxZ2q9jKlLB1PFwdJdeYuNRYhAkJ-9pEPG6e41xztJLIGghmrQRIqR9yJt0AfmHf3nvprBxyz43t1j1GwaIpHFm_I.png" group-title="CANAIS | ESPORTES", CONMEBOL PARAMOUNT+ 1 HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlFWe5_jKzjupxqlxmUaKHw
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="conmebol.2.br" tvg-name="CONMEBOL PARAMOUNT+ 2 HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Bp-vRtZEje6kFpdMZzWxZ2q9jKlLB1PFwdJdeYuNRYhAkJ-9pEPG6e41xztJLIGghmrQRIqR9yJt0AfmHf3nvprBxyz43t1j1GwaIpHFm_I.png" group-title="CANAIS | ESPORTES", CONMEBOL PARAMOUNT+ 2 HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmcy0Kn6UQB121Z38sdvDmj
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="conmebol.3.br" tvg-name="CONMEBOL PARAMOUNT+ 3 HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Bp-vRtZEje6kFpdMZzWxZ2q9jKlLB1PFwdJdeYuNRYhAkJ-9pEPG6e41xztJLIGghmrQRIqR9yJt0AfmHf3nvprBxyz43t1j1GwaIpHFm_I.png" group-title="CANAIS | ESPORTES", CONMEBOL PARAMOUNT+ 3 HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSme0gpxdw7TSMGmW1-Am_Ru
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="conmebol.4.br" tvg-name="CONMEBOL PARAMOUNT+ 4 HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Bp-vRtZEje6kFpdMZzWxZ2q9jKlLB1PFwdJdeYuNRYhAkJ-9pEPG6e41xztJLIGghmrQRIqR9yJt0AfmHf3nvprBxyz43t1j1GwaIpHFm_I.png" group-title="CANAIS | ESPORTES", CONMEBOL PARAMOUNT+ 4 HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSka1h9-O4bo0Vk_DOe7PK48
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="espn.br" tvg-name="ESPN 2 FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/yKopI9K_dqsexvW7iRYa45LNx0DAMo71MyFpkYBQJx5NLYz_LQgt98UTl-aE6fRj-Suo1gODnc06k2kKMdsZbQ.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | ESPORTES", ESPN 2 FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkEOuqpnSdMTikq8CpAq5mt
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="espn.br" tvg-name="ESPN 2 FHD H265" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/yKopI9K_dqsexvW7iRYa45LNx0DAMo71MyFpkYBQJx5NLYz_LQgt98UTl-aE6fRj-Suo1gODnc06k2kKMdsZbQ.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | ESPORTES", ESPN 2 FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm5SZtqt0svPk7Kfytp2utg
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="espn.br" tvg-name="ESPN 2 HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/yKopI9K_dqsexvW7iRYa45LNx0DAMo71MyFpkYBQJx5NLYz_LQgt98UTl-aE6fRj-Suo1gODnc06k2kKMdsZbQ.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | ESPORTES", ESPN 2 HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkXdQufvhtX4YppOxqjYO90
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="espn.br" tvg-name="ESPN 2 SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/yKopI9K_dqsexvW7iRYa45LNx0DAMo71MyFpkYBQJx5NLYz_LQgt98UTl-aE6fRj-Suo1gODnc06k2kKMdsZbQ.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | ESPORTES", ESPN 2 SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmDgZNwGeUA7RhrUMoXnP3l
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="ESPN 3 FHD H265" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/McwsJcYw_mcQAzCGQe-sfogbNtGKtDelIR62pDcFLGx8-5fw-KT1Cr3rX_dj2QXfysegBwPqjYaHD-DQ8XsAA9BSGo24UheXtv4QI7nDwJHzrx063PyrOtVv8pe1Jn1BrBOz_6vq2GSP93ufoAlOXrNpiahOnAHY-QeAMUnC4nFyVRKxzKKL7xmWvKXzCOij.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | ESPORTES", ESPN 3 FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSma9nOACjKmdol9a0WLXia2
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="ESPN 3 HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/McwsJcYw_mcQAzCGQe-sfogbNtGKtDelIR62pDcFLGx8-5fw-KT1Cr3rX_dj2QXfysegBwPqjYaHD-DQ8XsAA9BSGo24UheXtv4QI7nDwJHzrx063PyrOtVv8pe1Jn1BrBOz_6vq2GSP93ufoAlOXrNpiahOnAHY-QeAMUnC4nFyVRKxzKKL7xmWvKXzCOij.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | ESPORTES", ESPN 3 HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSksosahbeqlKVo3N6dG90N5
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="fox.sports.br" tvg-name="ESPN 4 FHD" tvg-logo="https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/programacao/images/d/dc/ESPN_4_Logo_tipo.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20220117191627&path-prefix=pt-br" group-title="CANAIS | ESPORTES", ESPN 4 FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSllAsmiSKHtc9G86FDwu6Mx
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="fox.sports.br" tvg-name="ESPN 4 FHD H265" tvg-logo="https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/programacao/images/d/dc/ESPN_4_Logo_tipo.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20220117191627&path-prefix=pt-br" group-title="CANAIS | ESPORTES", ESPN 4 FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSliiAuNKZSbYIQ8T5H20DDG
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="fox.sports.br" tvg-name="ESPN 4 HD" tvg-logo="https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/programacao/images/d/dc/ESPN_4_Logo_tipo.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20220117191627&path-prefix=pt-br" group-title="CANAIS | ESPORTES", ESPN 4 HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnX9obqIuzrHxtRvrQzi2XX
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="fox.sports.br" tvg-name="ESPN 4 SD" tvg-logo="https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/programacao/images/d/dc/ESPN_4_Logo_tipo.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20220117191627&path-prefix=pt-br" group-title="CANAIS | ESPORTES", ESPN 4 SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmP44kMv3I8wMJd41huIGxe
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="espn.extra.br" tvg-name="ESPN EXTRA FHD H265" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/lO4I6ENDRiY1iG64O8qqg2yUWFU5phx5MgJKqE4m_RJQ9PTfgs--z2wrK9lC4bkgkL27GlQ_PRIhSJfI6-gy1AH3FSv9ZP4jqJbxTrA3PE3KzOljG22-HOsL3J9_SRGrKKsCmJ8gU13GeUAWAn4AsA.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | ESPORTES", ESPN EXTRA FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm4tvYEaPcCHS5dA5VQpIeK
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="espn.extra.br" tvg-name="ESPN EXTRA HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/lO4I6ENDRiY1iG64O8qqg2yUWFU5phx5MgJKqE4m_RJQ9PTfgs--z2wrK9lC4bkgkL27GlQ_PRIhSJfI6-gy1AH3FSv9ZP4jqJbxTrA3PE3KzOljG22-HOsL3J9_SRGrKKsCmJ8gU13GeUAWAn4AsA.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | ESPORTES", ESPN EXTRA HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl9MNvbsYwozAkhJmGre-NR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="espn.extra.br" tvg-name="ESPN EXTRA SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/lO4I6ENDRiY1iG64O8qqg2yUWFU5phx5MgJKqE4m_RJQ9PTfgs--z2wrK9lC4bkgkL27GlQ_PRIhSJfI6-gy1AH3FSv9ZP4jqJbxTrA3PE3KzOljG22-HOsL3J9_SRGrKKsCmJ8gU13GeUAWAn4AsA.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | ESPORTES", ESPN EXTRA SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn0RQDMOmhdtK2_2WB1sSGF
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="espn.brasil.br" tvg-name="ESPN FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/RFpGgiFIwD-zg89GX_bnrM21ys_k7U76WWBBnJpgLF2_MZtcPwvgduUQBE0C578JShTU43zwcBF4Q52-4WeYBPOxInnchBLADF7iPZnxA_k3UovQImAmdEiyp8gcb5-QJJ6-pq7l2fOGUcB5WA_JObgI0Lm5Nv3gwZi5TjPU4Bc.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | ESPORTES", ESPN FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlVFfsxfwK2nd6f12JXj_8W
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="espn.brasil.br" tvg-name="ESPN FHD H265" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/RFpGgiFIwD-zg89GX_bnrM21ys_k7U76WWBBnJpgLF2_MZtcPwvgduUQBE0C578JShTU43zwcBF4Q52-4WeYBPOxInnchBLADF7iPZnxA_k3UovQImAmdEiyp8gcb5-QJJ6-pq7l2fOGUcB5WA_JObgI0Lm5Nv3gwZi5TjPU4Bc.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | ESPORTES", ESPN FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm1QYEO5zVNchuLzoQPPAUy
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="espn.brasil.br" tvg-name="ESPN HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/RFpGgiFIwD-zg89GX_bnrM21ys_k7U76WWBBnJpgLF2_MZtcPwvgduUQBE0C578JShTU43zwcBF4Q52-4WeYBPOxInnchBLADF7iPZnxA_k3UovQImAmdEiyp8gcb5-QJJ6-pq7l2fOGUcB5WA_JObgI0Lm5Nv3gwZi5TjPU4Bc.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | ESPORTES", ESPN HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlS4sD9ObTP40d1Hc9QNXSb
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="espn.brasil.br" tvg-name="ESPN SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/RFpGgiFIwD-zg89GX_bnrM21ys_k7U76WWBBnJpgLF2_MZtcPwvgduUQBE0C578JShTU43zwcBF4Q52-4WeYBPOxInnchBLADF7iPZnxA_k3UovQImAmdEiyp8gcb5-QJJ6-pq7l2fOGUcB5WA_JObgI0Lm5Nv3gwZi5TjPU4Bc.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | ESPORTES", ESPN SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk1Z_YYSrAO9QJ3CYQZkm8b
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="fish.br" tvg-name="FISH TV HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/BeHh7WklF8iuDVYjem-oFZyXpDkkiZlOH1sWsy-HpN0mENe9GtXo1a4a5NJuk_YaZ66_snzzfXvetC0yuCk_Y_UyMlO-MnLuqlVf0fnBLu0uNGHZPfJVScneHWrUXaAL.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | ESPORTES", FISH TV HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkYGOUxQbd-Q7sF3LbNa1pz
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="fishtv.br" tvg-name="FISH TV SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/BeHh7WklF8iuDVYjem-oFZyXpDkkiZlOH1sWsy-HpN0mENe9GtXo1a4a5NJuk_YaZ66_snzzfXvetC0yuCk_Y_UyMlO-MnLuqlVf0fnBLu0uNGHZPfJVScneHWrUXaAL.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | ESPORTES", FISH TV SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmXobt62sWg66th7227Yl_F
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="fox.sports.2.br" tvg-name="FOX SPORTS 2 FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/3VjJ1YniCgMX0sPnXMuWLfV1GWIexNP5vsah2XlNADd2WZ8kZfUOMLk0CFiykj0Md_FWFj--Cpb52niqiyQG22tzxqP_I5FikcvuGQTzhc36D-KkmJubT27HrPy5PG1y.png" group-title="CANAIS | ESPORTES", FOX SPORTS 2 FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn0gulKOmYa745Aju3qgarC
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="fox.sports.2.br" tvg-name="FOX SPORTS 2 FHD H265" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/3VjJ1YniCgMX0sPnXMuWLfV1GWIexNP5vsah2XlNADd2WZ8kZfUOMLk0CFiykj0Md_FWFj--Cpb52niqiyQG22tzxqP_I5FikcvuGQTzhc36D-KkmJubT27HrPy5PG1y.png" group-title="CANAIS | ESPORTES", FOX SPORTS 2 FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm5epONLx7ygu6EmzLgUHJe
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="fox.sports.2.br" tvg-name="FOX SPORTS 2 HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/3VjJ1YniCgMX0sPnXMuWLfV1GWIexNP5vsah2XlNADd2WZ8kZfUOMLk0CFiykj0Md_FWFj--Cpb52niqiyQG22tzxqP_I5FikcvuGQTzhc36D-KkmJubT27HrPy5PG1y.png" group-title="CANAIS | ESPORTES", FOX SPORTS 2 HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkkcb8ysqEqFR3OpVlnejvT
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="fox.sports.2.br" tvg-name="FOX SPORTS 2 SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/3VjJ1YniCgMX0sPnXMuWLfV1GWIexNP5vsah2XlNADd2WZ8kZfUOMLk0CFiykj0Md_FWFj--Cpb52niqiyQG22tzxqP_I5FikcvuGQTzhc36D-KkmJubT27HrPy5PG1y.png" group-title="CANAIS | ESPORTES", FOX SPORTS 2 SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnaoZQo6FtqloXcuDzHv63e
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="off.br" tvg-name="OFF HD" tvg-logo="https://publicidadeecerveja.files.wordpress.com/2020/12/canal-off.png?w=640" group-title="CANAIS | ESPORTES", OFF HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk5VuDzQPejpKvRZNj9civA
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="off.br" tvg-name="OFF SD" tvg-logo="https://publicidadeecerveja.files.wordpress.com/2020/12/canal-off.png?w=640" group-title="CANAIS | ESPORTES", OFF SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkxIbtbWLxPtYG6ZNbc9_3X
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="sportv2.br" tvg-name="SPORTV 2 FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Fm9rvWNcRHPXzAufwf7D22dxWj8v95TH8ozwhAPYf9s-ln69G4_WMBKl0nupAZVhX6uIolwd9WHY1fqAQsXZFQ.png" group-title="CANAIS | ESPORTES", SPORTV 2 FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnsFcuUEeIpFQT4BNpjyMKQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="sportv2.br" tvg-name="SPORTV 2 FHD H265" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Fm9rvWNcRHPXzAufwf7D22dxWj8v95TH8ozwhAPYf9s-ln69G4_WMBKl0nupAZVhX6uIolwd9WHY1fqAQsXZFQ.png" group-title="CANAIS | ESPORTES", SPORTV 2 FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk2u38-fCTcmZHBEuwtt1h-
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="sportv2.br" tvg-name="SPORTV 2 HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Fm9rvWNcRHPXzAufwf7D22dxWj8v95TH8ozwhAPYf9s-ln69G4_WMBKl0nupAZVhX6uIolwd9WHY1fqAQsXZFQ.png" group-title="CANAIS | ESPORTES", SPORTV 2 HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlR1lXJNnvKoxv7Vu35o2VG
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="sportv2.br" tvg-name="SPORTV 2 SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Fm9rvWNcRHPXzAufwf7D22dxWj8v95TH8ozwhAPYf9s-ln69G4_WMBKl0nupAZVhX6uIolwd9WHY1fqAQsXZFQ.png" group-title="CANAIS | ESPORTES", SPORTV 2 SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk97wLMAAAZKCrQ-1LxM1zQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="sportv3.br" tvg-name="SPORTV 3 FHD" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcQywTIafaMNgQxOIzfPtTaHDmdOuRKN_9rUkqulS9VTSWxr-A7YK6-ToH0RWFr037KvPSA&usqp=CAU" group-title="CANAIS | ESPORTES", SPORTV 3 FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlj7RdfPV8oA6yIOtJ8x7iy
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="sportv3.br" tvg-name="SPORTV 3 FHD H265" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcQywTIafaMNgQxOIzfPtTaHDmdOuRKN_9rUkqulS9VTSWxr-A7YK6-ToH0RWFr037KvPSA&usqp=CAU" group-title="CANAIS | ESPORTES", SPORTV 3 FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmBNYdqUOdIEnqHn18JvRHO
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="sportv3.br" tvg-name="SPORTV 3 HD" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcQywTIafaMNgQxOIzfPtTaHDmdOuRKN_9rUkqulS9VTSWxr-A7YK6-ToH0RWFr037KvPSA&usqp=CAU" group-title="CANAIS | ESPORTES", SPORTV 3 HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkL8W8kaGiKwuoHqPnzU0yn
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="sportv3.br" tvg-name="SPORTV 3 SD" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcQywTIafaMNgQxOIzfPtTaHDmdOuRKN_9rUkqulS9VTSWxr-A7YK6-ToH0RWFr037KvPSA&usqp=CAU" group-title="CANAIS | ESPORTES", SPORTV 3 SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkbd1CiDAuGvDd9s64xmvY3
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="sportv.br" tvg-name="SPORTV FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/zZnHzD_drfcbU0W2eI10Q8vEFOpECgntd0OJ7T_K76qpXnkLZF80GatgSXD7taDAM9IGX5dwXE97B4kCX2tZceHUBnyk4p8I1LEwjaqS6zhlRtVHqq3jS_Hhua5podcT.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | ESPORTES", SPORTV FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSng3hkUyURzGrr0ChXSo8Ty
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="sportv.br" tvg-name="SPORTV FHD H265" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/zZnHzD_drfcbU0W2eI10Q8vEFOpECgntd0OJ7T_K76qpXnkLZF80GatgSXD7taDAM9IGX5dwXE97B4kCX2tZceHUBnyk4p8I1LEwjaqS6zhlRtVHqq3jS_Hhua5podcT.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | ESPORTES", SPORTV FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlx5nmt3-8BEg5u6pl57v45
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="sportv.br" tvg-name="SPORTV HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/zZnHzD_drfcbU0W2eI10Q8vEFOpECgntd0OJ7T_K76qpXnkLZF80GatgSXD7taDAM9IGX5dwXE97B4kCX2tZceHUBnyk4p8I1LEwjaqS6zhlRtVHqq3jS_Hhua5podcT.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | ESPORTES", SPORTV HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlwLxEA9ongRvgV5hhkTp7C
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="sportv.br" tvg-name="SPORTV SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/zZnHzD_drfcbU0W2eI10Q8vEFOpECgntd0OJ7T_K76qpXnkLZF80GatgSXD7taDAM9IGX5dwXE97B4kCX2tZceHUBnyk4p8I1LEwjaqS6zhlRtVHqq3jS_Hhua5podcT.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | ESPORTES", SPORTV SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSki4zOVb-D5jpOLei5qAvob
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="woohoo.br" tvg-name="WOOHOO FHD H265" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWUDKXu0HoXGao9N9I3XfKzQWTF0YIQPHDojs0oYDmiBmTE5F9gAkQSaIy-rfMBd2_8.png" group-title="CANAIS | ESPORTES", WOOHOO FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkG1TE9-QVwlVRxDven6XBX
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="woohoo.br" tvg-name="WOOHOO HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWUDKXu0HoXGao9N9I3XfKzQWTF0YIQPHDojs0oYDmiBmTE5F9gAkQSaIy-rfMBd2_8.png" group-title="CANAIS | ESPORTES", WOOHOO HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkID8Om8KggnLoMmCxEoqIA
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="woohoo.br" tvg-name="WOOHOO SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWUDKXu0HoXGao9N9I3XfKzQWTF0YIQPHDojs0oYDmiBmTE5F9gAkQSaIy-rfMBd2_8.png" group-title="CANAIS | ESPORTES", WOOHOO SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnk64xWaBQTQ1Aw6QQ8Xpwn
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="AGRO MAIS FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWWB20f9JBxroh144crobqKb-LDfU6hBnhWVsoNcdZn-HwEs1rcgF8UNgOsUxfEnaus.png" group-title="CANAIS | VARIEDADES", AGRO MAIS FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlHJUniIwRXbeoyzgsX1jtI
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="AGRO MAIS HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWWB20f9JBxroh144crobqKb-LDfU6hBnhWVsoNcdZn-HwEs1rcgF8UNgOsUxfEnaus.png" group-title="CANAIS | VARIEDADES", AGRO MAIS HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkrX7INqAXTVDnb0S48E3SV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="AGRO MAIS SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWWB20f9JBxroh144crobqKb-LDfU6hBnhWVsoNcdZn-HwEs1rcgF8UNgOsUxfEnaus.png" group-title="CANAIS | VARIEDADES", AGRO MAIS SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmUJguVS6tDyVhnLNU9S3F2
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="arte.1.br" tvg-name="ARTE 1 FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWXm360tfVL4n72DiGcqnmJjuf5VfTj1pZk5rKTGz1GDQOMvv21qKNpT9kaKbxxWJyj32E5cAQa5Z8Tgo6znHSn_V72_0HZm4lcS-ryR55bpTw.png" group-title="CANAIS | VARIEDADES", ARTE 1 FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnCXGWqkoQHOQ8_L90dTog-
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="arte.1.br" tvg-name="ARTE 1 FHD H265" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWXm360tfVL4n72DiGcqnmJjuf5VfTj1pZk5rKTGz1GDQOMvv21qKNpT9kaKbxxWJyj32E5cAQa5Z8Tgo6znHSn_V72_0HZm4lcS-ryR55bpTw.png" group-title="CANAIS | VARIEDADES", ARTE 1 FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl0T7DtrnLzjNlRwJgLsG2U
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="arte.1.br" tvg-name="ARTE 1 HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWXm360tfVL4n72DiGcqnmJjuf5VfTj1pZk5rKTGz1GDQOMvv21qKNpT9kaKbxxWJyj32E5cAQa5Z8Tgo6znHSn_V72_0HZm4lcS-ryR55bpTw.png" group-title="CANAIS | VARIEDADES", ARTE 1 HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm947cbpglTPjmlaW8pYETV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="arte.1.br" tvg-name="ARTE 1 SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWXm360tfVL4n72DiGcqnmJjuf5VfTj1pZk5rKTGz1GDQOMvv21qKNpT9kaKbxxWJyj32E5cAQa5Z8Tgo6znHSn_V72_0HZm4lcS-ryR55bpTw.png" group-title="CANAIS | VARIEDADES", ARTE 1 SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkxC2y7hsLOpzU7jL9FQxhS
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="canal.brasil.br" tvg-name="CANAL BRASIL FHD H265" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWUPmGMKv7KiRekLhJatFbc1R9hMh8wD2djRbxHep-CJFsQMJs2RGo5yuTYt2uFvACGw1QgzCvAtmXXMRyWjGKXA.png" group-title="CANAIS | VARIEDADES", CANAL BRASIL FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmfCb2lLNfAfD_-UQkX9KUr
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="canal.brasil.br" tvg-name="CANAL BRASIL SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWUPmGMKv7KiRekLhJatFbc1R9hMh8wD2djRbxHep-CJFsQMJs2RGo5yuTYt2uFvACGw1QgzCvAtmXXMRyWjGKXA.png" group-title="CANAIS | VARIEDADES", CANAL BRASIL SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmYGG5tra7EfTlMlkasWVpe
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="comedy.central.br" tvg-name="COMEDY CENTRAL FHD" tvg-logo="https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/5/56/Comedy_Central_2018_%28Stacked_II%29.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/250?cb=20191213112017" group-title="CANAIS | VARIEDADES", COMEDY CENTRAL FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnaPKH3LI3gbwF8VOnYoK1N
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="comedy.central.br" tvg-name="COMEDY CENTRAL HD" tvg-logo="https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/5/56/Comedy_Central_2018_%28Stacked_II%29.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/250?cb=20191213112017" group-title="CANAIS | VARIEDADES", COMEDY CENTRAL HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnqSIMefYQtuWEiFyl0wGcC
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="comedy.central.br" tvg-name="COMEDY CENTRAL SD" tvg-logo="https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/5/56/Comedy_Central_2018_%28Stacked_II%29.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/250?cb=20191213112017" group-title="CANAIS | VARIEDADES", COMEDY CENTRAL SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl4_Y7echWn1-7J2tFexITu
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="curta.br" tvg-name="CURTA! FHD H265" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/6r-u6YZ0juEerYCuSDjadohAlIFNjm3_ml8nhbBZGPou7e9ToxjA2BLRBORbSpylWTD28yxhHOiv_-0HofczDA.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | VARIEDADES", CURTA! FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlWWC-dvSV10OSSemYZxJe7
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="curta.br" tvg-name="CURTA! HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/6r-u6YZ0juEerYCuSDjadohAlIFNjm3_ml8nhbBZGPou7e9ToxjA2BLRBORbSpylWTD28yxhHOiv_-0HofczDA.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | VARIEDADES", CURTA! HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmsa4yQwYkroBFH4DwORZ9L
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="curta.br" tvg-name="CURTA! SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/6r-u6YZ0juEerYCuSDjadohAlIFNjm3_ml8nhbBZGPou7e9ToxjA2BLRBORbSpylWTD28yxhHOiv_-0HofczDA.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | VARIEDADES", CURTA! SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmP05ZPhGz_vAgRAmh-XHB-
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="discovery.home.health.br" tvg-name="DISCOVERY HOME & HEALTH FHD" tvg-logo="https://img1.gratispng.com/20180802/uhl/kisspng-logo-product-design-brand-discovery-channel-clip-a-canal-j-logo-transparent-bing-images-5b62b1070aa7c9.8174077715331945030437.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | VARIEDADES", DISCOVERY HOME & HEALTH FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlI9Us6u7zS296SrY-vDpNi
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="discovery.home.health.br" tvg-name="DISCOVERY HOME & HEALTH FHD H265" tvg-logo="https://img1.gratispng.com/20180802/uhl/kisspng-logo-product-design-brand-discovery-channel-clip-a-canal-j-logo-transparent-bing-images-5b62b1070aa7c9.8174077715331945030437.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | VARIEDADES", DISCOVERY HOME & HEALTH FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSne9xq2Hw83qs7RABKTAAVd
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="discovery.home.health.br" tvg-name="DISCOVERY HOME & HEALTH HD" tvg-logo="https://img1.gratispng.com/20180802/uhl/kisspng-logo-product-design-brand-discovery-channel-clip-a-canal-j-logo-transparent-bing-images-5b62b1070aa7c9.8174077715331945030437.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | VARIEDADES", DISCOVERY HOME & HEALTH HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlzgNzzpPj3CDKjmjOHvCLL
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="discovery.home.health.br" tvg-name="DISCOVERY HOME & HEALTH SD" tvg-logo="https://img1.gratispng.com/20180802/uhl/kisspng-logo-product-design-brand-discovery-channel-clip-a-canal-j-logo-transparent-bing-images-5b62b1070aa7c9.8174077715331945030437.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | VARIEDADES", DISCOVERY HOME & HEALTH SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnR0K4dL-SjeM5EyyCw0Vpp
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="e.br" tvg-name="E! FHD H265" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/jyqcLsa6KL21I3NeDIfVBLX0FuTLND2Rvn9Nvei8ejZulVhVJCYb1Y2Xfvg-8pJ2S76ClaQdm9wED3chUqjgxA.png" group-title="CANAIS | VARIEDADES", E! FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmWv2cD1nQ4VQYy_NJgRplC
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="e.br" tvg-name="E! HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/jyqcLsa6KL21I3NeDIfVBLX0FuTLND2Rvn9Nvei8ejZulVhVJCYb1Y2Xfvg-8pJ2S76ClaQdm9wED3chUqjgxA.png" group-title="CANAIS | VARIEDADES", E! HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmF9RBMUtE6Bkl_MjAwYxJ3
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="e.br" tvg-name="E! SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/jyqcLsa6KL21I3NeDIfVBLX0FuTLND2Rvn9Nvei8ejZulVhVJCYb1Y2Xfvg-8pJ2S76ClaQdm9wED3chUqjgxA.png" group-title="CANAIS | VARIEDADES", E! SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkpCVGYC1DKckLirszCJFGS
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="fashion.br" tvg-name="FASHION TV HD" tvg-logo="https://seeklogo.com/images/F/Fashion_TV-logo-6378A85AD1-seeklogo.com.png" group-title="CANAIS | VARIEDADES", FASHION TV HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnxqPNJ5xEHXY3dNryZfVnY
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="fashion.br" tvg-name="FASHION TV SD" tvg-logo="https://seeklogo.com/images/F/Fashion_TV-logo-6378A85AD1-seeklogo.com.png" group-title="CANAIS | VARIEDADES", FASHION TV SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmkU0gIZfx25QAWscHGAJ8D
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="film.arts.br" tvg-name="Film & Arts SD" tvg-logo="https://lamac.org/wp-content/uploads/2020/04/Group-38@2x.png" group-title="CANAIS | VARIEDADES", Film & Arts SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlo0GqZ78bIw27YuV7cOPgF
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="food.network.br" tvg-name="FOOD NETWORK FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWWZ_mFdTEoOVZuTRfSFzEO7gdU1DqRoqIcRDjPoayt88Shp_2RremBD0rL0j3zAuw-CsZ--thtpkleEdr-SCRFT.png" group-title="CANAIS | VARIEDADES", FOOD NETWORK FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkylj75E8amx34BgSChBwAQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="food.network.br" tvg-name="FOOD NETWORK FHD H265" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWWZ_mFdTEoOVZuTRfSFzEO7gdU1DqRoqIcRDjPoayt88Shp_2RremBD0rL0j3zAuw-CsZ--thtpkleEdr-SCRFT.png" group-title="CANAIS | VARIEDADES", FOOD NETWORK FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmHqA5pM6a1fks3H3kO_qL_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="food.network.br" tvg-name="FOOD NETWORK HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWWZ_mFdTEoOVZuTRfSFzEO7gdU1DqRoqIcRDjPoayt88Shp_2RremBD0rL0j3zAuw-CsZ--thtpkleEdr-SCRFT.png" group-title="CANAIS | VARIEDADES", FOOD NETWORK HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlxvAD8mI_AKIiLZyqpAifE
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="food.network.br" tvg-name="FOOD NETWORK SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWWZ_mFdTEoOVZuTRfSFzEO7gdU1DqRoqIcRDjPoayt88Shp_2RremBD0rL0j3zAuw-CsZ--thtpkleEdr-SCRFT.png" group-title="CANAIS | VARIEDADES", FOOD NETWORK SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkWVi9wbOdDcpx0ax719sA6
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="gnt.br" tvg-name="GNT FHD H265" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/c/cc/Gnt_logo.jpg/1200px-Gnt_logo.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | VARIEDADES", GNT FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl3zueE7Jn1AebAcaJo4b88
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="gnt.br" tvg-name="GNT HD" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/c/cc/Gnt_logo.jpg/1200px-Gnt_logo.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | VARIEDADES", GNT HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmMpgMyIuXloJdZQUvR3I_e
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="gnt.br" tvg-name="GNT SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWXm360tfVL4n72DiGcqnmJjHYAf9wvgXZv-X7svsFI88oR7JOlD5F3itjvAATyVya5gvAtLPvPuNEWZrj6SwAib.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | VARIEDADES", GNT SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkY55V8JWFezVXxTOcp-sM8
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="lifetime.br" tvg-name="LIFETIME FHD H265" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/28/Lifetime_tv_logo.png" group-title="CANAIS | VARIEDADES", LIFETIME FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkcUU3NpUvkb87CwvCe76Mm
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="lifetime.br" tvg-name="LIFETIME HD" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/28/Lifetime_tv_logo.png" group-title="CANAIS | VARIEDADES", LIFETIME HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmQJtbVYwJPXLGZ6nUa9KUg
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="lifetime.br" tvg-name="LIFETIME SD" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/28/Lifetime_tv_logo.png" group-title="CANAIS | VARIEDADES", LIFETIME SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm_NV7pkhBWq-raN32l5y-U
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="LIKE! FHD" tvg-logo="https://canallike.com.br/wp-content/uploads/2020/12/canal-like-logo.png" group-title="CANAIS | VARIEDADES", LIKE! FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmcpcKyhsI3HAyN_kyEyb4G
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="LIKE! HD" tvg-logo="https://canallike.com.br/wp-content/uploads/2020/12/canal-like-logo.png" group-title="CANAIS | VARIEDADES", LIKE! HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkF9zjRtU-eQzEh7Hy9f-ML
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="LIKE! SD" tvg-logo="https://canallike.com.br/wp-content/uploads/2020/12/canal-like-logo.png" group-title="CANAIS | VARIEDADES", LIKE! SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnDPSstjC_Xi797RmA7QIfG
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="MARKKET FHD" tvg-logo="https://alemdatela.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/05/markkettv-696x392.png" group-title="CANAIS | VARIEDADES", MARKKET FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSliBR0UIfxtwBvjdvlvsuWC
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="MARKKET HD" tvg-logo="https://alemdatela.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/05/markkettv-696x392.png" group-title="CANAIS | VARIEDADES", MARKKET HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlyL88-axJcQrM-ZzF6MUFt
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="MARKKET SD" tvg-logo="https://alemdatela.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/05/markkettv-696x392.png" group-title="CANAIS | VARIEDADES", MARKKET SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk-h0fEDWvd73ZsWHixBzub
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="MODO VIAGEM FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/ek1wK4D7hoC_r1H4fU0JDqKp1qRwRNtSoTEdpQRWmohnsopGGXSYmxXGe2Gck-gTKUtE1yxs4Mv3Fdjs2IJptapM_HAGEQ_EfGmSyngzuRLu9OuSiGiAZk1VRMAhY6lsqOIXhEC82nyxWp7DzhN8fHVnkkrmrXOfGmJpmSKakE-OMeqgrWP5QfRO-_OydqJk.png" group-title="CANAIS | VARIEDADES", MODO VIAGEM FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm-KIhIrf7-ZvY7HKbJurLJ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="MODO VIAGEM FHD H265" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/ek1wK4D7hoC_r1H4fU0JDqKp1qRwRNtSoTEdpQRWmohnsopGGXSYmxXGe2Gck-gTKUtE1yxs4Mv3Fdjs2IJptapM_HAGEQ_EfGmSyngzuRLu9OuSiGiAZk1VRMAhY6lsqOIXhEC82nyxWp7DzhN8fHVnkkrmrXOfGmJpmSKakE-OMeqgrWP5QfRO-_OydqJk.png" group-title="CANAIS | VARIEDADES", MODO VIAGEM FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnluOxrt1gcush4_9p0rDOJ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="MODO VIAGEM HD" tvg-logo="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-zakcnGw1a2w/Yd2Q_DqpZ_I/AAAAAAAABm4/MI1cY5GMk40ZaB83OpHeNz6w5ukeOIgVQCNcBGAsYHQ/w640-h360/image.png" group-title="CANAIS | VARIEDADES", MODO VIAGEM HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmx6g_SWXM-UIFsk4yzfNO1
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="MODO VIAGEM SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/ek1wK4D7hoC_r1H4fU0JDqKp1qRwRNtSoTEdpQRWmohnsopGGXSYmxXGe2Gck-gTKUtE1yxs4Mv3Fdjs2IJptapM_HAGEQ_EfGmSyngzuRLu9OuSiGiAZk1VRMAhY6lsqOIXhEC82nyxWp7DzhN8fHVnkkrmrXOfGmJpmSKakE-OMeqgrWP5QfRO-_OydqJk.png" group-title="CANAIS | VARIEDADES", MODO VIAGEM SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSncgEaThTrAevlC9zdXRjL2
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="nhk.br" tvg-name="NHK JAPAN" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn%3AANd9GcThnRoXnEGogeldkT2AT_TT06gLry8j_gbb7Q&usqp=CAU" group-title="CANAIS | VARIEDADES", NHK JAPAN
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkMltQXGWdBbJre2goq8FLZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="nhk.world.premium.br" tvg-name="NHK WORLD HD" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn%3AANd9GcThnRoXnEGogeldkT2AT_TT06gLry8j_gbb7Q&usqp=CAU" group-title="CANAIS | VARIEDADES", NHK WORLD HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlVkrlpKdF69U0f__7x5ePa
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="SABOR & ARTE FHD" tvg-logo="https://static.wixstatic.com/media/e363b2_90b2442f3a49475496bc1ab70bac2f3a~mv2.png/v1/fill/w_640,h_640,al_c,q_90,usm_0.66_1.00_0.01,enc_auto/e363b2_90b2442f3a49475496bc1ab70bac2f3a~mv2.png" group-title="CANAIS | VARIEDADES", SABOR & ARTE FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkWro3BLVSnLUT9hdRa5_PH
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="SABOR & ARTE HD" tvg-logo="https://static.wixstatic.com/media/e363b2_90b2442f3a49475496bc1ab70bac2f3a~mv2.png/v1/fill/w_640,h_640,al_c,q_90,usm_0.66_1.00_0.01,enc_auto/e363b2_90b2442f3a49475496bc1ab70bac2f3a~mv2.png" group-title="CANAIS | VARIEDADES", SABOR & ARTE HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkp10GIL3b9SDQVf-b1yxLe
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="SABOR & ARTE SD" tvg-logo="https://static.wixstatic.com/media/e363b2_90b2442f3a49475496bc1ab70bac2f3a~mv2.png/v1/fill/w_640,h_640,al_c,q_90,usm_0.66_1.00_0.01,enc_auto/e363b2_90b2442f3a49475496bc1ab70bac2f3a~mv2.png" group-title="CANAIS | VARIEDADES", SABOR & ARTE SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlMVqbct8BPwkkO2bS9uoap
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="star.life.br" tvg-name="STAR LIFE FHD H265" tvg-logo="https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/dreamlogos/images/e/eb/LogoMakr_6V3PSK.png" group-title="CANAIS | VARIEDADES", STAR LIFE FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlARYYExSfTaP8Ve-QzcwOy
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="star.life.br" tvg-name="STAR LIFE HD" tvg-logo="https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/dreamlogos/images/e/eb/LogoMakr_6V3PSK.png" group-title="CANAIS | VARIEDADES", STAR LIFE HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnI3uEVlSgojD3kSnK_r8nP
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="star.life.br" tvg-name="STAR LIFE SD" tvg-logo="https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/dreamlogos/images/e/eb/LogoMakr_6V3PSK.png" group-title="CANAIS | VARIEDADES", STAR LIFE SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnwtRbKwV8LGT1rE4Dm1w3P
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="travel.box.brazil.br" tvg-name="Travel Box Brasil HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Tt_PnIqNanhIyO0PATHlzVRAJxavqoZkrv3OW4KImO95CWmiFQCMMFIh9WhVwtMNCSoUsH_7iY5jljwj5RmjPoVC4uWEEC6fvbqRDg6Bmm0BujrR6kIGpR-SMdUdcpoq.png" group-title="CANAIS | VARIEDADES", Travel Box Brasil HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkcUhYiFbIeuelIiEWF7EfR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="trutv.br" tvg-name="TRUTV FHD H265" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/XSTNKyrnWJkO-JmgKUOjUpxuO2mVMf91-XAlTxRLVcFE77MQVCOx4XtDbRgtdrRVrpjliXrPaWqaYiklKBle4yhncJUkIEIgi-yBuSAiOXI.png" group-title="CANAIS | VARIEDADES", TRUTV FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmUUiYrkPxIm6-k9d9-CNXv
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="trutv.br" tvg-name="TRUTV SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/XSTNKyrnWJkO-JmgKUOjUpxuO2mVMf91-XAlTxRLVcFE77MQVCOx4XtDbRgtdrRVrpjliXrPaWqaYiklKBle4yhncJUkIEIgi-yBuSAiOXI.png" group-title="CANAIS | VARIEDADES", TRUTV SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnp7BWLugHL8Y9asCG4thH8
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="viva.br" tvg-name="VIVA FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Om6hjLsYDPG-1L_qMe6thnjY_15oqQ-fp577XtzcBqAW0Zgm5AzZf_IWAMrvKZkv00_NuU_u_8Gnz6_g1PmxAA.png" group-title="CANAIS | VARIEDADES", VIVA FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmqh6QtffT05het4S5LBTg3
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="viva.br" tvg-name="VIVA FHD H265" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Om6hjLsYDPG-1L_qMe6thnjY_15oqQ-fp577XtzcBqAW0Zgm5AzZf_IWAMrvKZkv00_NuU_u_8Gnz6_g1PmxAA.png" group-title="CANAIS | VARIEDADES", VIVA FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnBw4VQjxT76qz-VClJStiT
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="viva.br" tvg-name="VIVA HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Om6hjLsYDPG-1L_qMe6thnjY_15oqQ-fp577XtzcBqAW0Zgm5AzZf_IWAMrvKZkv00_NuU_u_8Gnz6_g1PmxAA.png" group-title="CANAIS | VARIEDADES", VIVA HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmoSaLv1ZoexQhT1Xu2k5wK
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="viva.br" tvg-name="VIVA SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Om6hjLsYDPG-1L_qMe6thnjY_15oqQ-fp577XtzcBqAW0Zgm5AzZf_IWAMrvKZkv00_NuU_u_8Gnz6_g1PmxAA.png" group-title="CANAIS | VARIEDADES", VIVA SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnkabKjcI4NFnMT3Eji3veB
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="AgroBrasil TV HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWUCkMUvY25enVsYZEVMpdak1vVJb5cVCNQJFIhgHCe3e22BA9VbI3KDdaIVHvHUj9M.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | ABERTOS", AgroBrasil TV HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkDuRYEGSC6zBo39WOYPjGa
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Amazon Sat HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/FnW3Sn0J6sxZNhI83RCZ5fmFTcKv9cqK7Goj4_hjWg9uwLWs5aPqpKKQq8umkheEXRx3xyHN1Gxt4OZfT_sfAqS2OA5OZ5_d2EppbUb3yhM.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | ABERTOS", Amazon Sat HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSliRQsxCbuJ4P94vbz4TeuI
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="band.bahia.br" tvg-name="BAND BAHIA HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWXm360tfVL4n72DiGcqnmJjGaAFrPtJ_r5L7ywZ1P2vp5pu_BKUoAmu5EhU2SzqwWhee_nmKMcq1Lp4VJtsUuE0.png" group-title="CANAIS | ABERTOS", BAND BAHIA HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk4Li4KVY-4WJ-LnlvThhQg
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="band.belem.br" tvg-name="BAND BELEM HD" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/4d/Band_Marca.png/640px-Band_Marca.png" group-title="CANAIS | ABERTOS", BAND BELEM HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnOpFSv2XXTWhd3DJXizyub
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="band.campinas.br" tvg-name="BAND CAMPINAS HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWXm360tfVL4n72DiGcqnmJjGaAFrPtJ_r5L7ywZ1P2vp5pu_BKUoAmu5EhU2SzqwWhee_nmKMcq1Lp4VJtsUuE0.png" group-title="CANAIS | ABERTOS", BAND CAMPINAS HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm6Ip1sXp3PQxL8YpO7wXO3
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="band.curitiba.br" tvg-name="BAND CASCAVEL TV TAROBA HD" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/4d/Band_Marca.png/640px-Band_Marca.png" group-title="CANAIS | ABERTOS", BAND CASCAVEL TV TAROBA HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm7bhoJLIHId84JXiHob6k6
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="BAND CEARA HD" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/4d/Band_Marca.png/640px-Band_Marca.png" group-title="CANAIS | ABERTOS", BAND CEARA HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkRIt67JyoYaLvyoWRR7PQE
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="band.maceio.br" tvg-name="BAND MACEIO" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWXm360tfVL4n72DiGcqnmJjGaAFrPtJ_r5L7ywZ1P2vp5pu_BKUoAmu5EhU2SzqwWhee_nmKMcq1Lp4VJtsUuE0.png" group-title="CANAIS | ABERTOS", BAND MACEIO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmwPsSd27gQvdQnGZvUa7DB
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="band.campinas.br" tvg-name="BAND MAIS CAMPINAS HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWXm360tfVL4n72DiGcqnmJjGaAFrPtJ_r5L7ywZ1P2vp5pu_BKUoAmu5EhU2SzqwWhee_nmKMcq1Lp4VJtsUuE0.png" group-title="CANAIS | ABERTOS", BAND MAIS CAMPINAS HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkpNOuo5JAdr0CtAO__6yqR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tv.manaira.br" tvg-name="BAND MANAIRA PARAIBA HD" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/4d/Band_Marca.png/640px-Band_Marca.png" group-title="CANAIS | ABERTOS", BAND MANAIRA PARAIBA HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnYy6eZVDmH8drdbS88FkIP
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="band.natal.br" tvg-name="BAND NATAL HD" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/4d/Band_Marca.png/640px-Band_Marca.png" group-title="CANAIS | ABERTOS", BAND NATAL HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSniFB7gBQZUh536IJEgY_7o
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="band.curitiba.br" tvg-name="BAND PARANA HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWXm360tfVL4n72DiGcqnmJjGaAFrPtJ_r5L7ywZ1P2vp5pu_BKUoAmu5EhU2SzqwWhee_nmKMcq1Lp4VJtsUuE0.png" group-title="CANAIS | ABERTOS", BAND PARANA HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkgoTV0LwBfMN45yUpWn_Xj
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="band.rio.br" tvg-name="BAND RJ FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWXm360tfVL4n72DiGcqnmJjGaAFrPtJ_r5L7ywZ1P2vp5pu_BKUoAmu5EhU2SzqwWhee_nmKMcq1Lp4VJtsUuE0.png" group-title="CANAIS | ABERTOS", BAND RJ FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkqb4o4YYehPzrtpEioHMIy
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="band.rio.br" tvg-name="BAND RJ HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWXm360tfVL4n72DiGcqnmJjGaAFrPtJ_r5L7ywZ1P2vp5pu_BKUoAmu5EhU2SzqwWhee_nmKMcq1Lp4VJtsUuE0.png" group-title="CANAIS | ABERTOS", BAND RJ HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnJZDrDZHDmkwBck2EIPTbN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="band.rio.grande.do.sul.br" tvg-name="Band RS HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWXm360tfVL4n72DiGcqnmJjGaAFrPtJ_r5L7ywZ1P2vp5pu_BKUoAmu5EhU2SzqwWhee_nmKMcq1Lp4VJtsUuE0.png" group-title="CANAIS | ABERTOS", Band RS HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk8XddVyFF0eRkQ3cgOr_M-
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="band.br" tvg-name="BAND SANTOS HD" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/4d/Band_Marca.png/640px-Band_Marca.png" group-title="CANAIS | ABERTOS", BAND SANTOS HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnnruV6qRBhVHVJQhS4qbi_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="band.br" tvg-name="BAND SANTOS SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWXm360tfVL4n72DiGcqnmJjGaAFrPtJ_r5L7ywZ1P2vp5pu_BKUoAmu5EhU2SzqwWhee_nmKMcq1Lp4VJtsUuE0.png" group-title="CANAIS | ABERTOS", BAND SANTOS SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkNDzxSaR-3FxvTmCBKhLQE
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="band.br" tvg-name="BAND SP FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWXm360tfVL4n72DiGcqnmJjGaAFrPtJ_r5L7ywZ1P2vp5pu_BKUoAmu5EhU2SzqwWhee_nmKMcq1Lp4VJtsUuE0.png" group-title="CANAIS | ABERTOS", BAND SP FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkjneL47eDloXtCprTIglN5
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="band.sao.paulo.br" tvg-name="BAND SP HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWXm360tfVL4n72DiGcqnmJjGaAFrPtJ_r5L7ywZ1P2vp5pu_BKUoAmu5EhU2SzqwWhee_nmKMcq1Lp4VJtsUuE0.png" group-title="CANAIS | ABERTOS", BAND SP HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm76cqIzilfyhdlhv-xroXN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="band.br" tvg-name="BAND SP SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWXm360tfVL4n72DiGcqnmJjGaAFrPtJ_r5L7ywZ1P2vp5pu_BKUoAmu5EhU2SzqwWhee_nmKMcq1Lp4VJtsUuE0.png" group-title="CANAIS | ABERTOS", BAND SP SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnH0PCMh0fpJb_UwHyImQL1
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tv.tribuna.br" tvg-name="BAND TV TRIBUNA RECIFE HD" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/4d/Band_Marca.png/640px-Band_Marca.png" group-title="CANAIS | ABERTOS", BAND TV TRIBUNA RECIFE HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl14aHVG1XEBGqODGMM9Ijl
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Boa Vontade TV HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Om6hjLsYDPG-1L_qMe6thnjY_15oqQ-fp577XtzcBqA2VgsS9UYlRwVP8GHOEovVm5XI266L21ztLYESAIGL0A.png" group-title="CANAIS | ABERTOS", Boa Vontade TV HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkClyZ3tEUtTre_PuKoaBTy
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Boas Novas HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWXbENAfF9Ojn8n7Vzwv1hPFnrG02tBERbLRNBfmQ5ZOB5SfYRhpHRskX2sCEMYLcYo.png" group-title="CANAIS | ABERTOS", Boas Novas HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn5L5_KqwuQwLXJkA-O_DO2
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="canal.do.boi.br" tvg-name="Canal do Boi SD" tvg-logo="https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/5/52/Canal_do_Boi-logo-8A3EB44F47-seeklogo_com.gif/revision/latest?cb=20110118011513" group-title="CANAIS | ABERTOS", Canal do Boi SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkulrOPbYffn3bH6hkM2L0u
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="futura.br" tvg-name="CANAL FUTURA HD" tvg-logo="https://www.futura.org.br/wp-content/themes/futura2020/assets/images/logo-futura-cursos.png" group-title="CANAIS | ABERTOS", CANAL FUTURA HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnIquEBmKteMP4BbT069n8u
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="futura.br" tvg-name="CANAL FUTURA SD" tvg-logo="https://www.futura.org.br/wp-content/themes/futura2020/assets/images/logo-futura-cursos.png" group-title="CANAIS | ABERTOS", CANAL FUTURA SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmIjdJ5huwWLC-7JYprtOj5
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="canal.rural.br" tvg-name="CANAL RURAL HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/rlb8adeX9dh9WoRuIEI50ZUt5ulAS2OFJJ5rzDvYDhhw56Qr9aWGlaY0BFWYS7EE3xfzpDweL42tKVzAdWi0CA.png" group-title="CANAIS | ABERTOS", CANAL RURAL HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlstbi1vr5f3BSw0zOo5deW
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Classique TV HD" tvg-logo="https://www.cxtv.com.br/img/Tvs/Logo/webp-l/f032a160e2b4cbb9de8f0080b845c9ca.webp" group-title="CANAIS | ABERTOS", Classique TV HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkiv9fDczYtJdqWrf4sbigp
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="cnt.br" tvg-name="CNT HD" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-RkWqXOSPeNA/UV47rSo0cXI/AAAAAAAAC2s/IhOPScbzIPA/s1600/2j64aw8.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | ABERTOS", CNT HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmHOrdR9EceIOkbcY1LyLdW
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="cultura.br" tvg-name="CULTURA HD" tvg-logo="https://cultura.uol.com.br/upload/tvcultura/noticias/20230518105711_20210614212029-1-.png" group-title="CANAIS | ABERTOS", CULTURA HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk7lxd6vueHMZlHzTP-PhMp
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Fonte TV HD" tvg-logo="https://www.cxtv.com.br/img/Tvs/Logo/webp-l/1c99ffdca1366ea084333c569452200e.webp" group-title="CANAIS | ABERTOS", Fonte TV HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSle9fK1aY_S1KtqTC7DwIU2
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Gospel Cartoon HD" tvg-logo="https://www.cxtv.com.br/img/Tvs/Logo/webp-l/f0a3c3c7b9a651e847d86dd71bbb5551.webp" group-title="CANAIS | ABERTOS", Gospel Cartoon HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkkht8g3Nw628_xjVEqC9AT
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="ideal.br" tvg-name="IDEAL TV FHD" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/9/9b/Ideal_TV_logo.svg/1200px-Ideal_TV_logo.svg.png" group-title="CANAIS | ABERTOS", IDEAL TV FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmsT1PuVVHVwYokKtOTNmxx
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="ideal.br" tvg-name="IDEAL TV FHD H265" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/9/9b/Ideal_TV_logo.svg/1200px-Ideal_TV_logo.svg.png" group-title="CANAIS | ABERTOS", IDEAL TV FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk2PoMYb5StxGPJf41LEQfr
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="ideal.br" tvg-name="IDEAL TV HD" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/9/9b/Ideal_TV_logo.svg/1200px-Ideal_TV_logo.svg.png" group-title="CANAIS | ABERTOS", IDEAL TV HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnm-sASZim3Dz322J3Oiy2H
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="ideal.br" tvg-name="IDEAL TV SD" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/9/9b/Ideal_TV_logo.svg/1200px-Ideal_TV_logo.svg.png" group-title="CANAIS | ABERTOS", IDEAL TV SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm9S3zKhBRU3L8gLP6GeVIA
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="POLISHOP HD" tvg-logo="https://www.ciadosdescontos.com/img/parceiros/logos/polishop.png" group-title="CANAIS | ABERTOS", POLISHOP HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkyNckVl2wa4BEaeGdwCGoA
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="rede.brasil.br" tvg-name="REDE BRASIL HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWUzaq6GwEzbzx4iUpuSx7OADn9KroUbKuV8RhwVmj_IeQ.png" group-title="CANAIS | ABERTOS", REDE BRASIL HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkP0rBqyeeMia2WnfLK6i5b
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rede Minas HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Yciw1qxkzNwfVMcGTNrGpx7IqiUdRcQ9srYLm00zGVcLwQCFjjFLn6IUV2Z2yffWB8yTmM-24aohGlKfmGzzMj9O68cHGDwalMMuqomL1Og.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | ABERTOS", Rede Minas HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlkP5XRFZ6b11cregitd1ED
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="redetv.br" tvg-name="REDE TV HD" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/pt/8/89/Logotipo_da_RedeTV%21.png" group-title="CANAIS | ABERTOS", REDE TV HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm6RhqGZ3zb8Xbdk0zY8cpn
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="REDE TV PAMPA FHD" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/pt/8/89/Logotipo_da_RedeTV%21.png" group-title="CANAIS | ABERTOS", REDE TV PAMPA FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmEJCBG5Hrui7al1cKA3Wlw
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="REDE TV PAMPA HD" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/pt/8/89/Logotipo_da_RedeTV%21.png" group-title="CANAIS | ABERTOS", REDE TV PAMPA HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmoZV9s3snEeNIF1CWT34RM
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="redetv.br" tvg-name="REDE TV SD" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/pt/8/89/Logotipo_da_RedeTV%21.png" group-title="CANAIS | ABERTOS", REDE TV SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnk6jE6Nws66GBOaxab_-Mo
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Retrô Cartoon HD" tvg-logo="https://www.cxtv.com.br/img/Tvs/Logo/webp-l/a1e4076264abe6b6ccde87a587966abe.webp" group-title="CANAIS | ABERTOS", Retrô Cartoon HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkF_8d1MCAo0F6IrEr9gy9z
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="sbt.ponta.verde.br" tvg-name="SBT TV PONTA VERDE HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/hAs5mWxXqjzNWncsWJ7o_mDaasEwLngKdLw4LOpVe_R3OD9gBrMez-SD__AC0f7MFTNPr0-MCRJIAFO4KGpabx-iCEf7ExBixBRdQkeKgu2OUrb8n2NYcd40ltJOPx77.png" group-title="CANAIS | ABERTOS", SBT TV PONTA VERDE HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnKVTC7I7sJ5dbttdvltWae
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TCM PLAY MOSSORO HD" tvg-logo="https://tcmhd.com.br/files/2019-04/patrocinador2.png" group-title="CANAIS | ABERTOS", TCM PLAY MOSSORO HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkJcFb0OmJJ-mAglkxyEF8n
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TV A Folha HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/3-NqF5bpx9HdXIvy-45OEECoD2081vxrjIKZwCeEj8w9r0sTERELCct34DP2ZNsP1RnoW2o2aocHhELJf7lT4kkBGfafmw6Koc_-FZVSE24.png" group-title="CANAIS | ABERTOS", TV A Folha HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkZ3esCXQltY1fq765_cQji
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TV Arapuan HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/C-BIJn9kr3rjT7u2ZRe364u3XPinsEsaTByKAe2YqKKvNboLQKZTU652o4Itbbq1SwlSjf923CsNTUulwpGtHvwLnvgHcU8sw7wlCUukkBJyjlzeTC27Cm9AUxW2i51N.png" group-title="CANAIS | ABERTOS", TV Arapuan HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl7qVG9OrKeXiif6eFDlzKn
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TV Aratu HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWUCkMUvY25enVsYZEVMpdak-ML6aQokKQNXSU1OdCc1SuyVxDOZ-ChXVlo1beWgjLg.png" group-title="CANAIS | ABERTOS", TV Aratu HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlbbDvzzw5RBjDDlRwXphDj
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tv.atalaia.br" tvg-name="TV ATALAIA SERGIPE SD" tvg-logo="https://3.bp.blogspot.com/-rCE2Xb0BReQ/VpriQqNgMcI/AAAAAAAAHD8/n34_kO3UNtk/w1200-h630-p-k-no-nu/123.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | ABERTOS", TV ATALAIA SERGIPE SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm6PFvZ2auQ-sWl_-XrSMQe
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tv.brasil.br" tvg-name="TV BRASIL HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Er1N44Rt-2RYbqkrBWbkZsz_2wZxMPslNvxgbY_9d7Gjv8GHbovCS2j_74XI-tTJdN3ZC7HleL8Hce5NPyqE9211fHWczrbQYyIDgYWnPBU.png" group-title="CANAIS | ABERTOS", TV BRASIL HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlNhYgpuWnrY7oS45Sccrc0
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TV Brasil Oeste HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWWQvuFZUPi3bStEB8Nr5uw7g_kjWogMJWHgaaGUE71xmd1mxL9cUuGO69gx3NTh7qs.png" group-title="CANAIS | ABERTOS", TV Brasil Oeste HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnwB08067SNoT2KiAxyqT3Y
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TV Brusque HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/wEi9IGRszBiYQeQjQiYmUPfd210FDocANH96Gf2yTiznxehal0w3PAdLBblYxPcj3Jdml7ZQ8kI9IHdW1d1YFlV7T6Rl__tzWLkU3T_MvKs.png" group-title="CANAIS | ABERTOS", TV Brusque HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnhxVYwIeKgUTh2aH8lVrV-
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TV Candidés HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWVyNMvc44HA6pe9CTMJNmVVT7ztBm_aBINtsg-HhhldShkB5zSyD5inQZS8qsn59h4.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | ABERTOS", TV Candidés HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlRpXVyk5qNSp3NUEtGl19_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TV Cidade Verde HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWWapR9TqTTbNyW18u6zsgLmpMlWHsjIW_G2u0EmPVoUsOiCk_1xoHl-SACeeoABg2M.png" group-title="CANAIS | ABERTOS", TV Cidade Verde HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSljhyVWUcryYwWMYXbJJOx3
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TV Clube HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWUNyZOo7u6L3pi9MC6WskgZA40Z-X7EkvmF0K4KPjnVto4r_EJD8VA4Y-CRYhsIcniyQCIaR8YSaPCt-qSwyNai.png" group-title="CANAIS | ABERTOS", TV Clube HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkCAnd5_QSsss6C4QcxoDaK
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TV Curuça HD" tvg-logo="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh9CbBZ8ayLx9HjvOY3wNku-N9PIrWI-dob4kZgvhQkn09SUUXgQf0oNJudB1yZNs3D8UEOJdsHiAhzP-8z4FB1Kd7UGC6_XPetaH1EG6C58EZxaaYfBG8qBP-UxcKz_RetsFEQEaZen4KNrgX754t-3wZ9eSv5sbzeUXTrgrAiuI3phkQlYoiBWPSC/w1200-h630-p-k-no-nu/TV%20CURU%C3%87A.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | ABERTOS", TV Curuça HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm9Hw-geg9eScQ9WFkVVGkr
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tv.camara.br" tvg-name="TV CÂMARA SD" tvg-logo="https://logodownload.org/wp-content/uploads/2019/01/tv-camara-logo-2.png" group-title="CANAIS | ABERTOS", TV CÂMARA SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl8hEoa4N314wbPEjbAg9kq
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tv.diario.br" tvg-name="TV DIARIO HD" tvg-logo="https://imagem.natelinha.uol.com.br/grande/92d808ea55e0824cd7bd0e07a32ea2cc.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | ABERTOS", TV DIARIO HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmJMREVcQutAgPu5-AGWv-q
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TV Difusora Leste HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWVypMplPBpjJ6Ct9_BqVy_hlLSH7uSTFHMgDDyRHtPmDNeuFve4LMLRxA51KbTuIfI.png" group-title="CANAIS | ABERTOS", TV Difusora Leste HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnajX5AuRNbEkXOLMOILMMT
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TV Difusora São Luis HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWVypMplPBpjJ6Ct9_BqVy_hlLSH7uSTFHMgDDyRHtPmDNeuFve4LMLRxA51KbTuIfI.png" group-title="CANAIS | ABERTOS", TV Difusora São Luis HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnPE3UfgidLho0hqvYPIBkz
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TV Diversa HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWVyNdGSIrPSU-Q9fVLW48Ri5Wgvd6_2dI6OYbD87mVQqg.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | ABERTOS", TV Diversa HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSniej3sh0H8KRjq0yqIq0Yj
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tv.escola.br" tvg-name="TV ESCOLA SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWUzaq6GwEzbzx4iUpuSx7OAZ31RBMDUJ8s6GEqJNX0Xi7aPWrb39KQn7RKh7IWUAfU.png" group-title="CANAIS | ABERTOS", TV ESCOLA SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmwYD6nvSHASmr-Ub_7Ra7g
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TV GAZETA HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/LE8JknaTaF9aXd7xRqlkaSrPborWThal2IVbNHpaTRTjKA1Zk-b1A3yCP1Jh1RngGws6l4Qr_KqSmaDhpob66zr6Q3VkRL-TFFDSlF4nmY3ZNqeT-dBdTq1FGsqgK1lTebZJIjZgzRQoTRkMXvHqYA.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | ABERTOS", TV GAZETA HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlsjntMX1SN4Cr_wy4yvboh
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TV GOIAS HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/3VjJ1YniCgMX0sPnXMuWLfV1GWIexNP5vsah2XlNADd3SeQCBjDwjBwzUhG5ssBqXLH0Ab3w8oYYsikBK-L-xaQ9t1Q4oDNGcx-wmcyWJm4.png" group-title="CANAIS | ABERTOS", TV GOIAS HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmKIE2m3exHzpe3vMjG_XR5
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TV Maceio HD" tvg-logo="https://www.cxtv.com.br/img/Tvs/Logo/webp-l/aff07db61f3543036647a2ee7e21a528.webp" group-title="CANAIS | ABERTOS", TV Maceio HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmkyoY58hFqkrxEfSopl7ds
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TV NOVA NORDESTE HD" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/ed/LOGO_NOVA_PNG.png" group-title="CANAIS | ABERTOS", TV NOVA NORDESTE HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkXZ2awK2BC5xhHmqu2VMij
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TV Padre Cicero HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/xMs39OUjjJzxYL-3mhJwYKtT3ZYVfxI_2SvzvdyJ-LRtpCY6IB3YKsO9CnBwyJGRLb47uONqPTC5WQp92kX_Y9qAAI6FGRF5LSkRayDbvkE.png" group-title="CANAIS | ABERTOS", TV Padre Cicero HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmjbM7MJtlxDS3ARXZ7bVM0
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TV Rio Preto HD" tvg-logo="https://yt3.googleusercontent.com/ytc/AGIKgqP8SsMc5mpvbQZ0rJT-muyvajhg2547l5-79MjFkg=s900-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj" group-title="CANAIS | ABERTOS", TV Rio Preto HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkvpMJ8EG5iUGc8q0qLP4yM
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tv.senado.br" tvg-name="TV SENADO SD" tvg-logo="https://cdn.mitvstatic.com/channels/br_tv-senado-hd_m.png" group-title="CANAIS | ABERTOS", TV SENADO SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn7A7qTEURTfXOVRnILf2aQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TV Sul de Minas HD" tvg-logo="https://www.cxtv.com.br/img/Tvs/Logo/webp-l/faf47b674a87203ec468b895f998e486.webp" group-title="CANAIS | ABERTOS", TV Sul de Minas HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmFZjGaAlABHo6-1CPeUcLx
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tv.taroba.londrina.br" tvg-name="TV TAROBA FHD" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/pt/a/ac/Tv-taroba-logo.png" group-title="CANAIS | ABERTOS", TV TAROBA FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlUABmsEKu6y38IPMdU8xfc
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TVBE Joinville HD" tvg-logo="https://www.cxtv.com.br/img/Tvs/Logo/webp-l/3b4be5ad4afca6843ba759d40b38c9f6.webp" group-title="CANAIS | ABERTOS", TVBE Joinville HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnyH5BBJexS3FxZmyvYK2mu
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tve.bahia.br" tvg-name="TVE BAHIA HD" tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/1656023048376446976/G0XoO7kZ_400x400.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | ABERTOS", TVE BAHIA HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn8NuP1SO0LTZOGp5Q6IhdN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="ANIPBHD" tvg-name="ANIMAL PLANET FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/HM3xx55KZnCUdlPuNC1k2CQmSialG6ZFMmnpVE7A3yrQ26-prK10Y1dsoR-Syq3_mfHVcmIjw-BdiWlMGmlRHg.png" group-title="CANAIS | DOCUMENTÁRIOS", ANIMAL PLANET FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkpWhgvePxzCdCcOMhBp0bp
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="ANIPBHD" tvg-name="ANIMAL PLANET FHD H265" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/HM3xx55KZnCUdlPuNC1k2CQmSialG6ZFMmnpVE7A3yrQ26-prK10Y1dsoR-Syq3_mfHVcmIjw-BdiWlMGmlRHg.png" group-title="CANAIS | DOCUMENTÁRIOS", ANIMAL PLANET FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn0CSjT6PALymH7HFs583Sa
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="ANIPBHD" tvg-name="ANIMAL PLANET HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/HM3xx55KZnCUdlPuNC1k2CQmSialG6ZFMmnpVE7A3yrQ26-prK10Y1dsoR-Syq3_mfHVcmIjw-BdiWlMGmlRHg.png" group-title="CANAIS | DOCUMENTÁRIOS", ANIMAL PLANET HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkGVYd4Y-StBkHyZgGE0wL6
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="ANIPBHD" tvg-name="ANIMAL PLANET SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/HM3xx55KZnCUdlPuNC1k2CQmSialG6ZFMmnpVE7A3yrQ26-prK10Y1dsoR-Syq3_mfHVcmIjw-BdiWlMGmlRHg.png" group-title="CANAIS | DOCUMENTÁRIOS", ANIMAL PLANET SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl8rIK6zM4tCTyXjbe2lmyD
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="discovery.br" tvg-name="DISCOVERY CHANNEL FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Bp-vRtZEje6kFpdMZzWxZ4o3ApOf5JMz-aN7vyjMUCWt0qX3GiKYei3yP7K4O9VY5f-YVpOWwQm1ud4wdNRnPLqy-xF6GGEgqlWY1BTfHqE--PXQG2ZSPsUbXal3FNX4.png" group-title="CANAIS | DOCUMENTÁRIOS", DISCOVERY CHANNEL FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmtbYXndJLEDOyQUtR2AedC
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="discovery.br" tvg-name="DISCOVERY CHANNEL FHD H265" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Bp-vRtZEje6kFpdMZzWxZ4o3ApOf5JMz-aN7vyjMUCWt0qX3GiKYei3yP7K4O9VY5f-YVpOWwQm1ud4wdNRnPLqy-xF6GGEgqlWY1BTfHqE--PXQG2ZSPsUbXal3FNX4.png" group-title="CANAIS | DOCUMENTÁRIOS", DISCOVERY CHANNEL FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk1WK6NIaU1CPRIsHKpacUs
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="discovery.br" tvg-name="DISCOVERY CHANNEL HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Bp-vRtZEje6kFpdMZzWxZ4o3ApOf5JMz-aN7vyjMUCWt0qX3GiKYei3yP7K4O9VY5f-YVpOWwQm1ud4wdNRnPLqy-xF6GGEgqlWY1BTfHqE--PXQG2ZSPsUbXal3FNX4.png" group-title="CANAIS | DOCUMENTÁRIOS", DISCOVERY CHANNEL HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlBXgMqQoqHg6ssxOaBpSk2
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="discovery.br" tvg-name="DISCOVERY CHANNEL SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Bp-vRtZEje6kFpdMZzWxZ4o3ApOf5JMz-aN7vyjMUCWt0qX3GiKYei3yP7K4O9VY5f-YVpOWwQm1ud4wdNRnPLqy-xF6GGEgqlWY1BTfHqE--PXQG2ZSPsUbXal3FNX4.png" group-title="CANAIS | DOCUMENTÁRIOS", DISCOVERY CHANNEL SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkNHlEnNY1Z3eaY6ZfJ077F
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="discovery.science.br" tvg-name="DISCOVERY SCIENCE FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/kY4mV-5Jb3gp8yZUTFZjPJKwGxyShAJIvEY65OXSGbyPQiYfKJsKK5G1EixW4YzsjYIzbx8q8FT4Whg_UwdU7AgpyDCupQbE3Iyv0d6wZnVEqpkpORAPTeiBgMTAPiMbWeXDvL44Uew6h3JF2MegAg.png" group-title="CANAIS | DOCUMENTÁRIOS", DISCOVERY SCIENCE FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn-UY8gy8K521-RUgwEkrq_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="discovery.science.br" tvg-name="DISCOVERY SCIENCE FHD H265" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/kY4mV-5Jb3gp8yZUTFZjPJKwGxyShAJIvEY65OXSGbyPQiYfKJsKK5G1EixW4YzsjYIzbx8q8FT4Whg_UwdU7AgpyDCupQbE3Iyv0d6wZnVEqpkpORAPTeiBgMTAPiMbWeXDvL44Uew6h3JF2MegAg.png" group-title="CANAIS | DOCUMENTÁRIOS", DISCOVERY SCIENCE FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl5BdjKXaaCt1uNCsq0GtsJ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="discovery.science.br" tvg-name="DISCOVERY SCIENCE HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/kY4mV-5Jb3gp8yZUTFZjPJKwGxyShAJIvEY65OXSGbyPQiYfKJsKK5G1EixW4YzsjYIzbx8q8FT4Whg_UwdU7AgpyDCupQbE3Iyv0d6wZnVEqpkpORAPTeiBgMTAPiMbWeXDvL44Uew6h3JF2MegAg.png" group-title="CANAIS | DOCUMENTÁRIOS", DISCOVERY SCIENCE HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnfQLNDJXDtbK5U9Asc_QNg
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="discovery.science.br" tvg-name="DISCOVERY SCIENCE SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/kY4mV-5Jb3gp8yZUTFZjPJKwGxyShAJIvEY65OXSGbyPQiYfKJsKK5G1EixW4YzsjYIzbx8q8FT4Whg_UwdU7AgpyDCupQbE3Iyv0d6wZnVEqpkpORAPTeiBgMTAPiMbWeXDvL44Uew6h3JF2MegAg.png" group-title="CANAIS | DOCUMENTÁRIOS", DISCOVERY SCIENCE SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkyit893T9KDgK-iVZfhnVg
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="discovery.theater.br" tvg-name="DISCOVERY THEATER FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/yEMjJ4j5cEF3qS8jmi2BEXUaNz2dgQy7B6K95bH4OYsTs-WncofqfdWsqBbFOBuYBC1S8YgzQVQc9FdpuuWqpBrWwcuFySI1lLBlTr5N9PRNwRBjan-I2jAnTqZDB723.png" group-title="CANAIS | DOCUMENTÁRIOS", DISCOVERY THEATER FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmDWFgWllq4a38lNde9iHp0
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="discovery.theater.br" tvg-name="DISCOVERY THEATER FHD H265" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/yEMjJ4j5cEF3qS8jmi2BEXUaNz2dgQy7B6K95bH4OYsTs-WncofqfdWsqBbFOBuYBC1S8YgzQVQc9FdpuuWqpBrWwcuFySI1lLBlTr5N9PRNwRBjan-I2jAnTqZDB723.png" group-title="CANAIS | DOCUMENTÁRIOS", DISCOVERY THEATER FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn8rrzUby0v4J8GEgVR8jMl
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="discovery.theater.br" tvg-name="DISCOVERY THEATER HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/yEMjJ4j5cEF3qS8jmi2BEXUaNz2dgQy7B6K95bH4OYsTs-WncofqfdWsqBbFOBuYBC1S8YgzQVQc9FdpuuWqpBrWwcuFySI1lLBlTr5N9PRNwRBjan-I2jAnTqZDB723.png" group-title="CANAIS | DOCUMENTÁRIOS", DISCOVERY THEATER HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmgW9sjuDqlWQbT8MQsqdqq
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="discovery.theater.br" tvg-name="DISCOVERY THEATER SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/yEMjJ4j5cEF3qS8jmi2BEXUaNz2dgQy7B6K95bH4OYsTs-WncofqfdWsqBbFOBuYBC1S8YgzQVQc9FdpuuWqpBrWwcuFySI1lLBlTr5N9PRNwRBjan-I2jAnTqZDB723.png" group-title="CANAIS | DOCUMENTÁRIOS", DISCOVERY THEATER SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnrFxRtGX2EALKbNsRmpjRi
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tlc.br" tvg-name="DISCOVERY TLC FHD H265" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/4a/TLC_Discovery.png" group-title="CANAIS | DOCUMENTÁRIOS", DISCOVERY TLC FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkKkoJrqO5kK3_dNGLM7BiL
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tlc.br" tvg-name="DISCOVERY TLC HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWUekN9HN4C6j_obxMnhxPpDuhTYZWwIX5ddjrPdrzpaRWOUC7JrCIwUDhsjHoyt3Bw.png" group-title="CANAIS | DOCUMENTÁRIOS", DISCOVERY TLC HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk7TZkINWVE9hgDOpOnybF7
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tlc.br" tvg-name="DISCOVERY TLC SD" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/4a/TLC_Discovery.png" group-title="CANAIS | DOCUMENTÁRIOS", DISCOVERY TLC SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkjiDSTAeaeR2P44mfMi87M
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="discovery.turbo.br" tvg-name="DISCOVERY TURBO FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Om6hjLsYDPG-1L_qMe6thnjY_15oqQ-fp577XtzcBqATj-1KvsHKffdYOcTKI1hZteu8Mp2dZxJmkc6a6DQH9NDex02rV6rBFGhVMdkjlmY.png" group-title="CANAIS | DOCUMENTÁRIOS", DISCOVERY TURBO FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSln-JLpvUToReQloTljlh9s
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="discovery.turbo.br" tvg-name="DISCOVERY TURBO FHD H265" tvg-logo="https://cdn.mitvstatic.com/channels/br_discovery-turbo-brazil_m.png" group-title="CANAIS | DOCUMENTÁRIOS", DISCOVERY TURBO FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkub2SQOd0nfa7oXmIAFjvP
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="discovery.turbo.br" tvg-name="DISCOVERY TURBO HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Om6hjLsYDPG-1L_qMe6thnjY_15oqQ-fp577XtzcBqATj-1KvsHKffdYOcTKI1hZteu8Mp2dZxJmkc6a6DQH9NDex02rV6rBFGhVMdkjlmY.png" group-title="CANAIS | DOCUMENTÁRIOS", DISCOVERY TURBO HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnAxv1N0OdEC780ok-q2_g8
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="discovery.turbo.br" tvg-name="DISCOVERY TURBO SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Om6hjLsYDPG-1L_qMe6thnjY_15oqQ-fp577XtzcBqATj-1KvsHKffdYOcTKI1hZteu8Mp2dZxJmkc6a6DQH9NDex02rV6rBFGhVMdkjlmY.png" group-title="CANAIS | DOCUMENTÁRIOS", DISCOVERY TURBO SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnHSKmOXr-iLZMq-ZpM0e3B
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="discovery.world.br" tvg-name="DISCOVERY WORLD FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWVmWc6qnRQSZevHeiVSEBBazdEhbQl4KZ475W0ijxjPUwVFKPlHHbiJsKxwHvh2nqg.png" group-title="CANAIS | DOCUMENTÁRIOS", DISCOVERY WORLD FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn69TNaE54hgh4Eu1jL7y4Y
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="discovery.world.br" tvg-name="DISCOVERY WORLD FHD H265" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWVmWc6qnRQSZevHeiVSEBBazdEhbQl4KZ475W0ijxjPUwVFKPlHHbiJsKxwHvh2nqg.png" group-title="CANAIS | DOCUMENTÁRIOS", DISCOVERY WORLD FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlAQ719datYTD3sGxC1SyXW
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="discovery.world.br" tvg-name="DISCOVERY WORLD HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWVmWc6qnRQSZevHeiVSEBBazdEhbQl4KZ475W0ijxjPUwVFKPlHHbiJsKxwHvh2nqg.png" group-title="CANAIS | DOCUMENTÁRIOS", DISCOVERY WORLD HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmLW8vn46Sb3X5uA4UdqHpO
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="discovery.world.br" tvg-name="DISCOVERY WORLD SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWVmWc6qnRQSZevHeiVSEBBazdEhbQl4KZ475W0ijxjPUwVFKPlHHbiJsKxwHvh2nqg.png" group-title="CANAIS | DOCUMENTÁRIOS", DISCOVERY WORLD SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlfv9xDA4BJzjjxaLrHxLKk
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="h2.br" tvg-name="H2 FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWXVM4lEjCBXXlFWoZvOYlZ3y7PLA4mDBfR6CQK-kkzOxYbHJd3RiUVpUI8JYCS8AXQ.PNG" group-title="CANAIS | DOCUMENTÁRIOS", H2 FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmV7bM9XArbniW4pOLD9YDg
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="h2.br" tvg-name="H2 FHD H265" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWXVM4lEjCBXXlFWoZvOYlZ3y7PLA4mDBfR6CQK-kkzOxYbHJd3RiUVpUI8JYCS8AXQ.PNG" group-title="CANAIS | DOCUMENTÁRIOS", H2 FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlVxEiTNAKJpJuJ5PqyqWCo
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="h2.br" tvg-name="H2 HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWXVM4lEjCBXXlFWoZvOYlZ3y7PLA4mDBfR6CQK-kkzOxYbHJd3RiUVpUI8JYCS8AXQ.PNG" group-title="CANAIS | DOCUMENTÁRIOS", H2 HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmQ_PVMRDq2nUw0k7VWYs68
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="h2.br" tvg-name="H2 SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWXVM4lEjCBXXlFWoZvOYlZ3y7PLA4mDBfR6CQK-kkzOxYbHJd3RiUVpUI8JYCS8AXQ.PNG" group-title="CANAIS | DOCUMENTÁRIOS", H2 SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmgaHQMcfHj1qV6zYjo7lfv
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="hgtv.br" tvg-name="HGTV FHD" tvg-logo="https://w1.pngwing.com/pngs/818/201/png-transparent-tv-logo-cable-television-hgtv-organization-blue-text-line-thumbnail.png" group-title="CANAIS | DOCUMENTÁRIOS", HGTV FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk7-nAhb80fu2CWfEB1ykN4
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="hgtv.br" tvg-name="HGTV FHD H265" tvg-logo="https://w1.pngwing.com/pngs/818/201/png-transparent-tv-logo-cable-television-hgtv-organization-blue-text-line-thumbnail.png" group-title="CANAIS | DOCUMENTÁRIOS", HGTV FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl7XnZC_KlfYyz2L3U2Iyhq
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="hgtv.br" tvg-name="HGTV HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/EZXiNPf1_IbXVy8Mexc7Ht2jaoFmFr_D4gOT041mAkSdTYZv1OMvCAGJR3hxBP7S1H2vxiFdHRDCieiEkmZjYvaiHgaxYcs8xybD1awWUBeeVc82uhQfbE1me4S1-jcWuW59h9QMLXMj_H1cac45-3HHd7V8jxSAbvQMyWpx6nA.png" group-title="CANAIS | DOCUMENTÁRIOS", HGTV HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlTDzkSQ-Kwaln71lV4EBl8
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="hgtv.br" tvg-name="HGTV SD" tvg-logo="https://w1.pngwing.com/pngs/818/201/png-transparent-tv-logo-cable-television-hgtv-organization-blue-text-line-thumbnail.png" group-title="CANAIS | DOCUMENTÁRIOS", HGTV SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkVS-fYCO_hKg11etww_oKV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="history.br" tvg-name="HISTORY CHANNEL FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/gDzuBDdhRVx4VPlSEsLrOf9I0ntrr77zltE7AhFTSoqRJ1sG5JFTCghWw5zN870q-lvNc0CTQWnuodOcL4KJcRQ_YqzP02AMvpn_pI4SBbmeQgFN3b0KzviH4inqAMXd.png" group-title="CANAIS | DOCUMENTÁRIOS", HISTORY CHANNEL FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmjpnfcjCPwluSrh0UTcm--
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="history.br" tvg-name="HISTORY CHANNEL FHD H265" tvg-logo="https://midia.gruposinos.com.br/_midias/png/2016/03/15/history_channel_logo-1375411.png" group-title="CANAIS | DOCUMENTÁRIOS", HISTORY CHANNEL FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk6cpvS2kk1qdjTwKOJv4FE
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="history.br" tvg-name="HISTORY CHANNEL HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/gDzuBDdhRVx4VPlSEsLrOf9I0ntrr77zltE7AhFTSoqRJ1sG5JFTCghWw5zN870q-lvNc0CTQWnuodOcL4KJcRQ_YqzP02AMvpn_pI4SBbmeQgFN3b0KzviH4inqAMXd.png" group-title="CANAIS | DOCUMENTÁRIOS", HISTORY CHANNEL HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkJ0AbYmkGtbYMa_FIjfA0a
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="history.br" tvg-name="HISTORY CHANNEL SD" tvg-logo="https://midia.gruposinos.com.br/_midias/png/2016/03/15/history_channel_logo-1375411.png" group-title="CANAIS | DOCUMENTÁRIOS", HISTORY CHANNEL SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn9iA-mZzc0hJeyN9JCiOkN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="investigacao.discovery.br" tvg-name="ID - INVESTIGACAO DISCOVERY FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWX3dO1LrqBN1k1_iMCELtN0MRBRK8sirZV5kaYEpzGOZ4ejbdhdk-CIy2n7FMhpl4KPWwKuAR8_YN2MUoa6IJjL.png" group-title="CANAIS | DOCUMENTÁRIOS", ID - INVESTIGACAO DISCOVERY FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmaszIPxUnbwOwdaSpAASAy
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="investigacao.discovery.br" tvg-name="ID - INVESTIGACAO DISCOVERY HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWX3dO1LrqBN1k1_iMCELtN0MRBRK8sirZV5kaYEpzGOZ4ejbdhdk-CIy2n7FMhpl4KPWwKuAR8_YN2MUoa6IJjL.png" group-title="CANAIS | DOCUMENTÁRIOS", ID - INVESTIGACAO DISCOVERY HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkL7PQbLiVh83WQq8L-x6K1
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="investigacao.discovery.br" tvg-name="ID - INVESTIGACAO DISCOVERY SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWX3dO1LrqBN1k1_iMCELtN0MRBRK8sirZV5kaYEpzGOZ4ejbdhdk-CIy2n7FMhpl4KPWwKuAR8_YN2MUoa6IJjL.png" group-title="CANAIS | DOCUMENTÁRIOS", ID - INVESTIGACAO DISCOVERY SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnFC8Ki5wXQD2yqNJcvWnKj
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="investigacao.discovery.br" tvg-name="ID - INVESTIGAÇÃO DISCOVERY FHD H265" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/0a/Investiga%C3%A7%C3%A3o_Discovery_1.png" group-title="CANAIS | DOCUMENTÁRIOS", ID - INVESTIGAÇÃO DISCOVERY FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmHbWXilZhYueMzqF3A7559
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="national.geographic.br" tvg-name="NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC FHD" tvg-logo="https://www.nationalgeographicbrasil.com/images/logo.png" group-title="CANAIS | DOCUMENTÁRIOS", NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlsqe-XZfxAVaqY03XbLUgW
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="national.geographic.br" tvg-name="NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC FHD H265" tvg-logo="https://www.nationalgeographicbrasil.com/images/logo.png" group-title="CANAIS | DOCUMENTÁRIOS", NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnEQotxdEb3fGLiLsjOtpqJ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="national.geographic.br" tvg-name="NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Mt0Uw4PdIOnFuqc6RYhPoNndnXOQCjTq0nrs8aad9h2wQQkUHba3zabjR6Wf3ec_c1e5PSxKnhU6mJHaZV23sQ.png" group-title="CANAIS | DOCUMENTÁRIOS", NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm_qdlatFolFZR58pdIfAXP
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="national.geographic.br" tvg-name="NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Mt0Uw4PdIOnFuqc6RYhPoNndnXOQCjTq0nrs8aad9h2wQQkUHba3zabjR6Wf3ec_c1e5PSxKnhU6mJHaZV23sQ.png" group-title="CANAIS | DOCUMENTÁRIOS", NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlrYrGgVQhDltsjPytYP2HO
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Anime TV HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/-7oKEATgI6CdWxwKW-B7i87YmaQFe5rDdXtpgCJ0rQCl66njpKS5i80EAxieLo-I5OsQvR6UUhQCTehE9KpKbHBpDBaNFtlU3aiWSi6yxHg.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | INFANTIS", Anime TV HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnvLgVKe4YT_Vor1PZQkdfo
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="ra.tim.bum.br" tvg-name="BABY TV FHD H265" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWWjb5HLZHmxqawBvTicoqAjxW-ggrAFVgXhUUFmqEv2fw.png" group-title="CANAIS | INFANTIS", BABY TV FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlRnlFCCKlBbm78okY5IzH5
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="baby.br" tvg-name="BABY TV HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWWjb5HLZHmxqawBvTicoqAjxW-ggrAFVgXhUUFmqEv2fw.png" group-title="CANAIS | INFANTIS", BABY TV HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlzv2DrxTZ2cLpPT1wiixRP
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="baby.br" tvg-name="BABY TV SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWWjb5HLZHmxqawBvTicoqAjxW-ggrAFVgXhUUFmqEv2fw.png" group-title="CANAIS | INFANTIS", BABY TV SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn5kRQ905beUQ1DYKK4fpAK
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="cartoon.network.br" tvg-name="CARTOON NETWORK FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWWZ_mFdTEoOVZuTRfSFzEO7PNs3pnT-yNzIuS7_sN9oJ-OLaME2Lbo_vlEMRXP8lIE.png" group-title="CANAIS | INFANTIS", CARTOON NETWORK FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkuZMFsQaFOhfKwfs_Ou_2G
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="cartoon.network.br" tvg-name="CARTOON NETWORK FHD H265" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWWZ_mFdTEoOVZuTRfSFzEO7PNs3pnT-yNzIuS7_sN9oJ-OLaME2Lbo_vlEMRXP8lIE.png" group-title="CANAIS | INFANTIS", CARTOON NETWORK FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl6Hp--xyJ54g1RhcaDmzxy
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="cartoon.network.br" tvg-name="CARTOON NETWORK HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWWZ_mFdTEoOVZuTRfSFzEO7PNs3pnT-yNzIuS7_sN9oJ-OLaME2Lbo_vlEMRXP8lIE.png" group-title="CANAIS | INFANTIS", CARTOON NETWORK HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl8yPMG0mx9tqrTfU57ke9W
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="cartoon.network.br" tvg-name="CARTOON NETWORK SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWWZ_mFdTEoOVZuTRfSFzEO7PNs3pnT-yNzIuS7_sN9oJ-OLaME2Lbo_vlEMRXP8lIE.png" group-title="CANAIS | INFANTIS", CARTOON NETWORK SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnFF2Idq66eLgHupoBbHtBm
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="cartoonito.br" tvg-name="CARTOONITO FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/-7oKEATgI6CdWxwKW-B7ixE3uG_mvPQzSeFgjxanu2o8KE6DyTISqBa-VQPuOK6zJuZNCALYRBYsDg7WDIYosi-ZMNtK4HpD7bAZMbAgUPA.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | INFANTIS", CARTOONITO FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnp7A0h06RWkw8KHtjm6A6w
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="cartoonito.br" tvg-name="CARTOONITO FHD H265" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/-7oKEATgI6CdWxwKW-B7ixE3uG_mvPQzSeFgjxanu2o8KE6DyTISqBa-VQPuOK6zJuZNCALYRBYsDg7WDIYosi-ZMNtK4HpD7bAZMbAgUPA.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | INFANTIS", CARTOONITO FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmzT6AClQ3dIE-BDI-1zk0a
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="cartoonito.br" tvg-name="CARTOONITO HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/-7oKEATgI6CdWxwKW-B7ixE3uG_mvPQzSeFgjxanu2o8KE6DyTISqBa-VQPuOK6zJuZNCALYRBYsDg7WDIYosi-ZMNtK4HpD7bAZMbAgUPA.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | INFANTIS", CARTOONITO HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnoHxpMR1G02nFetlIoA88s
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="cartoonito.br" tvg-name="CARTOONITO SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/-7oKEATgI6CdWxwKW-B7ixE3uG_mvPQzSeFgjxanu2o8KE6DyTISqBa-VQPuOK6zJuZNCALYRBYsDg7WDIYosi-ZMNtK4HpD7bAZMbAgUPA.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | INFANTIS", CARTOONITO SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmzRQki9DwxTOoWofXqcgon
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="discovery.kids.br" tvg-name="DISCOVERY KIDS FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWXEbGT6qSYwxMeV-syc5mvtzTVWPSOJymZW0C2maTWtk7-YaMFnYgN_vRfXW_8tos4.png" group-title="CANAIS | INFANTIS", DISCOVERY KIDS FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn24VNS9JZeo-IiKnpjLGr8
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="discovery.kids.br" tvg-name="DISCOVERY KIDS FHD H265" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWXEbGT6qSYwxMeV-syc5mvtzTVWPSOJymZW0C2maTWtk7-YaMFnYgN_vRfXW_8tos4.png" group-title="CANAIS | INFANTIS", DISCOVERY KIDS FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl7el2KY9dhgNQVVMjYqSuy
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="discovery.kids.br" tvg-name="DISCOVERY KIDS HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWXEbGT6qSYwxMeV-syc5mvtzTVWPSOJymZW0C2maTWtk7-YaMFnYgN_vRfXW_8tos4.png" group-title="CANAIS | INFANTIS", DISCOVERY KIDS HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkpkYfeyCLv51MmAkkURDhV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="discovery.kids.br" tvg-name="DISCOVERY KIDS SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWXEbGT6qSYwxMeV-syc5mvtzTVWPSOJymZW0C2maTWtk7-YaMFnYgN_vRfXW_8tos4.png" group-title="CANAIS | INFANTIS", DISCOVERY KIDS SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl0P6NAO6Hl9WfoyEwgh48s
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="disney.br" tvg-name="DISNEY CHANNEL FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWXm360tfVL4n72DiGcqnmJjM2x9ANBg701tMB6t_ojkdl1gOCZXsOKYR8iGjTJTOXLpCSAzBAOuQnj74Ds2FN6Uu8eM37DfxzJfnM7ZU382zgC7Jes9eTkBhkbtu6PQXW4.png" group-title="CANAIS | INFANTIS", DISNEY CHANNEL FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmq2kc49TtjBxC2h6YANOcn
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="disney.br" tvg-name="DISNEY CHANNEL FHD H265" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWXm360tfVL4n72DiGcqnmJjM2x9ANBg701tMB6t_ojkdl1gOCZXsOKYR8iGjTJTOXLpCSAzBAOuQnj74Ds2FN6Uu8eM37DfxzJfnM7ZU382zgC7Jes9eTkBhkbtu6PQXW4.png" group-title="CANAIS | INFANTIS", DISNEY CHANNEL FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkHo3TLONiH4gECgmEZtg7t
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="disney.br" tvg-name="DISNEY CHANNEL HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWXm360tfVL4n72DiGcqnmJjM2x9ANBg701tMB6t_ojkdl1gOCZXsOKYR8iGjTJTOXLpCSAzBAOuQnj74Ds2FN6Uu8eM37DfxzJfnM7ZU382zgC7Jes9eTkBhkbtu6PQXW4.png" group-title="CANAIS | INFANTIS", DISNEY CHANNEL HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkaCS_PffG0TKa_NVhD-hl-
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="disney.br" tvg-name="DISNEY CHANNEL SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWXm360tfVL4n72DiGcqnmJjM2x9ANBg701tMB6t_ojkdl1gOCZXsOKYR8iGjTJTOXLpCSAzBAOuQnj74Ds2FN6Uu8eM37DfxzJfnM7ZU382zgC7Jes9eTkBhkbtu6PQXW4.png" group-title="CANAIS | INFANTIS", DISNEY CHANNEL SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn893_fDyWMUPPoreNHOEZD
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="gloob.br" tvg-name="GLOOB FHD" tvg-logo="https://img1.gratispng.com/20180903/sxk/kisspng-logo-gloob-television-channel-high-definition-tele-o-canal-gloob-vai-alegrar-a-famlia-nessas-fria-5b8dd4e5a589e5.1310973215360217336781.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | INFANTIS", GLOOB FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmmLRj3lGafpWiTdMZJ3nSq
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="gloob.br" tvg-name="GLOOB FHD H265" tvg-logo="https://img1.gratispng.com/20180903/sxk/kisspng-logo-gloob-television-channel-high-definition-tele-o-canal-gloob-vai-alegrar-a-famlia-nessas-fria-5b8dd4e5a589e5.1310973215360217336781.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | INFANTIS", GLOOB FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlzL81PKJa2ytou5s7_FqrZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="gloob.br" tvg-name="GLOOB HD" tvg-logo="https://img1.gratispng.com/20180903/sxk/kisspng-logo-gloob-television-channel-high-definition-tele-o-canal-gloob-vai-alegrar-a-famlia-nessas-fria-5b8dd4e5a589e5.1310973215360217336781.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | INFANTIS", GLOOB HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnog1ifE5hDQ6cWjXMy83v3
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="gloob.br" tvg-name="GLOOB SD" tvg-logo="https://img1.gratispng.com/20180903/sxk/kisspng-logo-gloob-television-channel-high-definition-tele-o-canal-gloob-vai-alegrar-a-famlia-nessas-fria-5b8dd4e5a589e5.1310973215360217336781.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | INFANTIS", GLOOB SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmpgHBAyHiYLFVj1ieOxzy-
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="gloobinho.br" tvg-name="GLOOBINHO FHD H265" tvg-logo="https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/9/91/GloobinhoLogo.png" group-title="CANAIS | INFANTIS", GLOOBINHO FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmy1PSKQ1FmHuF_vMDbRVj1
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="gloobinho.br" tvg-name="GLOOBINHO SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/RFpGgiFIwD-zg89GX_bnrLd8I6goRRFfXTdLMhD-WuZRmvjkpGhlQ1uoBGuSN8ZWsRARjzGywAH7zIYZinh8ZKJD4atm4a31ahGGOcUrCtQ.png" group-title="CANAIS | INFANTIS", GLOOBINHO SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmPH-Mo8pr40gfEauRs2CnO
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="nick.jr.br" tvg-name="NICK JR FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWWZ_mFdTEoOVZuTRfSFzEO7LTHsV17WwTTtdLeU4rn14u_viW-XyogbQkXBnarqlXk.png" group-title="CANAIS | INFANTIS", NICK JR FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkvB7FRxaX5iUKSB04z8qnO
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="nick.jr.br" tvg-name="NICK JR HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWWZ_mFdTEoOVZuTRfSFzEO7LTHsV17WwTTtdLeU4rn14u_viW-XyogbQkXBnarqlXk.png" group-title="CANAIS | INFANTIS", NICK JR HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl6xhD_f6jxULIz05Q0c5P3
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="nick.jr.br" tvg-name="NICK JR SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWWZ_mFdTEoOVZuTRfSFzEO7LTHsV17WwTTtdLeU4rn14u_viW-XyogbQkXBnarqlXk.png" group-title="CANAIS | INFANTIS", NICK JR SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl7OGdkEj2CoSMXM4XIFEV0
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="nick.br" tvg-name="NICKELODEON FHD H265" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWXm360tfVL4n72DiGcqnmJjTK0vKqfLO6WtJ0LthQjDHvCxkKIRmkQT3tBPx-bEEAuP1cOF_XPSfSpVjuzjXAQ7.png" group-title="CANAIS | INFANTIS", NICKELODEON FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkUvO3lXx6vKKdWt4maRWw2
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="nick.br" tvg-name="NICKELODEON HD" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/ad/NICK2023.png/200px-NICK2023.png" group-title="CANAIS | INFANTIS", NICKELODEON HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl5PpUXJPB7isZRbTW8eV0n
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="nick.br" tvg-name="NICKELODEON SD" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/ad/NICK2023.png/200px-NICK2023.png" group-title="CANAIS | INFANTIS", NICKELODEON SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSldcjENXG8ZpZWRg-jtmDr4
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tooncast.br" tvg-name="TOONCAST FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/v0Q1jWSqwBaCJrLhRwSKjwuBNwAuiNjByahoyGyOeQSIb3NJ_BWk5_8JNRTLstr-U0FbeZsVW2mycrVURUMweuwABta0p7Of0a9MVkR2uU0tH2Srt-HcnriSKGb9Dxof.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | INFANTIS", TOONCAST FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlkjoihhOoAW_HbkYfh25qo
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tooncast.br" tvg-name="TOONCAST HD" tvg-logo="https://pm1.aminoapps.com/6840/19618b9f5807115e3902bb92fd04104b890ee39dv2_00.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | INFANTIS", TOONCAST HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnlzWdBQoiVYOBI5fK2PKCS
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tooncast.br" tvg-name="TOONCAST SD" tvg-logo="https://pm1.aminoapps.com/6840/19618b9f5807115e3902bb92fd04104b890ee39dv2_00.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | INFANTIS", TOONCAST SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm_feLRbyq0nmCv1i7C0n26
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="ra.tim.bum.br" tvg-name="TV RA TIM BUM FHD H265" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWXVM4lEjCBXXlFWoZvOYlZ3jt0-ACTVASfAIQZEyw7MRYdQH-ko8htIGX4On9AZoXk.png" group-title="CANAIS | INFANTIS", TV RA TIM BUM FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSllZqE6kkXse7XFTKYsfNrw
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="ra.tim.bum.br" tvg-name="TV Ra Tim Bum HD" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/de/TV_R%C3%A1-Tim-Bum.png" group-title="CANAIS | INFANTIS", TV Ra Tim Bum HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkZmFWG9zqSgNB8vstXDXb-
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="ra.tim.bum.br" tvg-name="TV Ra Tim Bum SD" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/de/TV_R%C3%A1-Tim-Bum.png" group-title="CANAIS | INFANTIS", TV Ra Tim Bum SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn6AtLgtovp7gRKp2fZPoc8
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="zoomoo.br" tvg-name="ZOOMOO HD" tvg-logo="https://www.zoomookids.com.br/wp-content/uploads/2022/10/cropped-zoomoo-kids-logo.png" group-title="CANAIS | INFANTIS", ZOOMOO HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSntl8czSzsQk9oYgrjbLHSb
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="band.news.br" tvg-name="BAND NEWS FHD" tvg-logo="https://w7.pngwing.com/pngs/20/425/png-transparent-bandnews-tv-brazil-bandnews-fm-band-television-blue-text-thumbnail.png" group-title="CANAIS | NOTÍCIAS", BAND NEWS FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlyoZWhOSQjzIU9ov9LZyYt
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="band.news.br" tvg-name="BAND NEWS FHD H265" tvg-logo="https://w7.pngwing.com/pngs/20/425/png-transparent-bandnews-tv-brazil-bandnews-fm-band-television-blue-text-thumbnail.png" group-title="CANAIS | NOTÍCIAS", BAND NEWS FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkISw0t6mOrSWB1sh4PwI2j
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="band.news.br" tvg-name="BAND NEWS HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Z9P7BwxXlTl-k8RLQ286tHL641PHOSpQjLLwMSGysFaCzZvRN_LKan8PTaDzbFdscnA7qChUfH4HL0-8RErHysCT6TjWsJCBbtdB1x3Wb5jYoRYkSm-CG7Or3yKw5fwOyF--TK_hF9u1TKYpdVUlcWKA5IuyGe1-IrT04m1J-jE.png" group-title="CANAIS | NOTÍCIAS", BAND NEWS HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkkU4w2sO-p-6AnEQ2JVGjb
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="band.news.br" tvg-name="BAND NEWS SD" tvg-logo="https://w7.pngwing.com/pngs/20/425/png-transparent-bandnews-tv-brazil-bandnews-fm-band-television-blue-text-thumbnail.png" group-title="CANAIS | NOTÍCIAS", BAND NEWS SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnvmOalu8L2RcIDufVEOkfz
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="bloomberg.br" tvg-name="BLOOMBERG HD" tvg-logo="https://e7.pngegg.com/pngimages/405/172/png-clipart-bloomberg-terminal-bloomberg-markets-bloomberg-television-bloomberg-businessweek-others-miscellaneous-purple.png" group-title="CANAIS | NOTÍCIAS", BLOOMBERG HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnzYrPD1RL3WkGIEDO1cwUd
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="bloomberg.br" tvg-name="BLOOMBERG SD" tvg-logo="https://e7.pngegg.com/pngimages/405/172/png-clipart-bloomberg-terminal-bloomberg-markets-bloomberg-television-bloomberg-businessweek-others-miscellaneous-purple.png" group-title="CANAIS | NOTÍCIAS", BLOOMBERG SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlzpmJjxBrEE3NdqsQSYqHH
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="cnn.brasil.br" tvg-name="CNN BRASIL FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/UaT5hRHSnFj8BKRbTI9mR-iQXPA_CeVNEIqlvRyYRf6ha2aUBUmZOfSBez3CBeCIc3B5p2fr3imj9kYqEZpLMKgJ3Vx_pGj-kpzJmlYIM5cIwQx0lyhiXdeVL99_wlhz.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | NOTÍCIAS", CNN BRASIL FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSncFuPQg8V9ijoLQvWmYm5T
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="cnn.brasil.br" tvg-name="CNN BRASIL FHD H265" tvg-logo="https://uploads.metropoles.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/06/02145532/cnn-brasil5.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | NOTÍCIAS", CNN BRASIL FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnv3oLpsI_SVhppLNPPnN9g
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="cnn.brasil.br" tvg-name="CNN BRASIL HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/UaT5hRHSnFj8BKRbTI9mR-iQXPA_CeVNEIqlvRyYRf6ha2aUBUmZOfSBez3CBeCIc3B5p2fr3imj9kYqEZpLMKgJ3Vx_pGj-kpzJmlYIM5cIwQx0lyhiXdeVL99_wlhz.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | NOTÍCIAS", CNN BRASIL HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSme3EqxXU6Ny_BLsXcWpOPX
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="cnn.brasil.br" tvg-name="CNN BRASIL SD" tvg-logo="https://uploads.metropoles.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/06/02145532/cnn-brasil5.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | NOTÍCIAS", CNN BRASIL SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnbwI9NemdwIRo6cx-bwEto
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="cnn.international.br" tvg-name="CNN INTERNACIONAL FHD" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/b8/CNN-International-Logo.svg/640px-CNN-International-Logo.svg.png" group-title="CANAIS | NOTÍCIAS", CNN INTERNACIONAL FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnPuRIex_yytVJdzBDiffSr
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="cnn.international.br" tvg-name="CNN INTERNACIONAL HD" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/b8/CNN-International-Logo.svg/640px-CNN-International-Logo.svg.png" group-title="CANAIS | NOTÍCIAS", CNN INTERNACIONAL HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSniRBLgSP5eiRK8ZQQYR3ix
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="FRANCE 24H HD" tvg-logo="https://logowik.com/content/uploads/images/france-24-tv5533.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | NOTÍCIAS", FRANCE 24H HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn2-cwbVSKT4sYsY09WxshL
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="FRANCE 24H SD" tvg-logo="https://logowik.com/content/uploads/images/france-24-tv5533.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | NOTÍCIAS", FRANCE 24H SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmTBqS7xFDS2pJqxgpFTWNg
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="globo.news.br" tvg-name="GLOBO NEWS FHD" tvg-logo="https://stcotvfoco.com.br/2016/09/e3e879c57a76b70c1400f7d6cd9e-1024x576.png" group-title="CANAIS | NOTÍCIAS", GLOBO NEWS FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkk_PldMInRIKnPl-_roqt6
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="globo.news.br" tvg-name="GLOBO NEWS FHD H265" tvg-logo="https://stcotvfoco.com.br/2016/09/e3e879c57a76b70c1400f7d6cd9e-1024x576.png" group-title="CANAIS | NOTÍCIAS", GLOBO NEWS FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm_6aLDDoWCb4rUM7ZykwDR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="globo.news.br" tvg-name="GLOBO NEWS HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/rBa-4W225vKgSo1YABjtI-Gqez7Uu3VIKRc7MARqvcv4SPYtPOkVBKIWaix7coqtIVb9UxPVcwx97frlf_C8mFlBgNLGplG4WsmD5LefqmA.png" group-title="CANAIS | NOTÍCIAS", GLOBO NEWS HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmw_9YIsnEpuKDPRfOVqRyN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="globo.news.br" tvg-name="GLOBO NEWS SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/rBa-4W225vKgSo1YABjtI-Gqez7Uu3VIKRc7MARqvcv4SPYtPOkVBKIWaix7coqtIVb9UxPVcwx97frlf_C8mFlBgNLGplG4WsmD5LefqmA.png" group-title="CANAIS | NOTÍCIAS", GLOBO NEWS SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnn72o852ItTGsQqBd-ebsK
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Jovem Pan News FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/z8mMPwc47Is7IJ4B_MzwPhR33ylSuwTcDCrbHlxTCsDu6_SF6EXgqu2vVd3oLO3zSJUKn3yO_WkCGOShIi8_O9L7MKmsS98tF3bc7aKvJL_z1DIJkwwVU0NuBO4z7-Lu.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | NOTÍCIAS", Jovem Pan News FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk2ex8HfQUZFju4zkdr31KZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Jovem Pan News HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/z8mMPwc47Is7IJ4B_MzwPhR33ylSuwTcDCrbHlxTCsDu6_SF6EXgqu2vVd3oLO3zSJUKn3yO_WkCGOShIi8_O9L7MKmsS98tF3bc7aKvJL_z1DIJkwwVU0NuBO4z7-Lu.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | NOTÍCIAS", Jovem Pan News HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkoj07j1-5U5RJHJV-GnRF3
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Jovem Pan News SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/z8mMPwc47Is7IJ4B_MzwPhR33ylSuwTcDCrbHlxTCsDu6_SF6EXgqu2vVd3oLO3zSJUKn3yO_WkCGOShIi8_O9L7MKmsS98tF3bc7aKvJL_z1DIJkwwVU0NuBO4z7-Lu.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | NOTÍCIAS", Jovem Pan News SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmYgL-0YGq029rMQuChVrSV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="rai.br" tvg-name="Rai Internacional HD" tvg-logo="https://static-wp-tor15-prd.torcedores.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/08/canal.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | NOTÍCIAS", Rai Internacional HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn8OQ-HYD0sXTlwxwp6yoqL
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="record.news.br" tvg-name="RECORD NEWS FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWX5YaC3OmSYnMEgflLQl4xhZ0h7fljW7DoDrj_uVPqjj4JQC3RmDYHTFOf81rQwdO2brdDQmu5J-DST02pjUTlp.png" group-title="CANAIS | NOTÍCIAS", RECORD NEWS FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSloelwRkchSFUmn4t7m9ly_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="record.news.br" tvg-name="RECORD NEWS HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWX5YaC3OmSYnMEgflLQl4xhZ0h7fljW7DoDrj_uVPqjj4JQC3RmDYHTFOf81rQwdO2brdDQmu5J-DST02pjUTlp.png" group-title="CANAIS | NOTÍCIAS", RECORD NEWS HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnTJy3Sby9qu-Myi65KUYXt
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="record.news.br" tvg-name="RECORD NEWS SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWX5YaC3OmSYnMEgflLQl4xhZ0h7fljW7DoDrj_uVPqjj4JQC3RmDYHTFOf81rQwdO2brdDQmu5J-DST02pjUTlp.png" group-title="CANAIS | NOTÍCIAS", RECORD NEWS SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnX6Qwj92OiDjjp0N7elZ3N
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tv5.monde.br" tvg-name="TV5 MONDE HD" tvg-logo="https://nadia-ferroukhi.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/TV5-Monde.png" group-title="CANAIS | NOTÍCIAS", TV5 MONDE HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnYAA1_azUMBkeQ0yE1-aMp
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="BIS FHD H265" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/XSTNKyrnWJkO-JmgKUOjUpxuO2mVMf91-XAlTxRLVcGNVqjDfyce98mHsl9R6Ys2Gyra-lbXiPggIPzDpnPCIFhMRfIfZnEMbY_su7KXC0c.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | MÚSICAS", BIS FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl4tuYgqId3gVB2bkDO3TGT
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="BIS HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/XSTNKyrnWJkO-JmgKUOjUpxuO2mVMf91-XAlTxRLVcGNVqjDfyce98mHsl9R6Ys2Gyra-lbXiPggIPzDpnPCIFhMRfIfZnEMbY_su7KXC0c.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | MÚSICAS", BIS HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlWryxZFTPC8Yr5kMjiEnhK
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="BIS SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/XSTNKyrnWJkO-JmgKUOjUpxuO2mVMf91-XAlTxRLVcGNVqjDfyce98mHsl9R6Ys2Gyra-lbXiPggIPzDpnPCIFhMRfIfZnEMbY_su7KXC0c.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | MÚSICAS", BIS SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmnZ96PN22l_toArjQAe_-J
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="FUNK" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/o0xQorZuDqpABbDlOboXrcbKJA1DUdaJEDPaqAMZRipBLs_fEb6U1hDYrKmB6tiJ8bhddc1ogjGU_7HTWOAuNQ.png" group-title="CANAIS | MÚSICAS", FUNK
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlISTlN9V105mtyaAOROkh2
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="GOSPEL" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/CRaF3qQSNOzFMvMQ6JFy3ZeiOnSyB_wSO-64T8jFLbk-8IF0ZgtQ6SFVHkeGud71aGfUQuEXekzXnO7jaN43e3iekcTowPVS8wQA8c3MgIiQobULdIL_N3FdDrD2q48t.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | MÚSICAS", GOSPEL
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlRjv1T56_WxfsKmGV2Nsyh
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="K-POP TV HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/sAi1BXmsL2c3mV4ID8uFkNxo4MAZC29Bt7i02GxDNriNAcnAEYByXrg_-RwuUO-HrOF4pgyFotuFXrJvEuy3nNSTzMu-w3ywE1CTq5PuV54.png" group-title="CANAIS | MÚSICAS", K-POP TV HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlTkw-9PRJgICB2yvzYpQhQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="M20 MUSIC" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/bcA8InwSch_qFlxk5qWRioCrW7SUNjX_rh6omtOMttMISqsXjCAJj1Iv6siD6YuJ-LGD1tqvPQFuK5na4lD2Beu242MAkd3-15VA68bW207Mjt1iMtZEDILxdon_3duc.jpeg" group-title="CANAIS | MÚSICAS", M20 MUSIC
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkotF08z2em37qEiqqns5Ov
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="MTV '00 FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/LTj3ReC_Yfiztt3JpXQtX2qIyE6x7Ysrs6hyDBftEeKdqZB4uZHKqVDK5HAD5rbJrp7b18GvIHd2hANpzGyakA.png" group-title="CANAIS | MÚSICAS", MTV '00 FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnr2iE9A4Wl57iBuTjbtzB2
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="MTV '00 HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/LTj3ReC_Yfiztt3JpXQtX2qIyE6x7Ysrs6hyDBftEeKdqZB4uZHKqVDK5HAD5rbJrp7b18GvIHd2hANpzGyakA.png" group-title="CANAIS | MÚSICAS", MTV '00 HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmanAyccpTOs4ty4SFmAugh
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="MTV '00 SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/LTj3ReC_Yfiztt3JpXQtX2qIyE6x7Ysrs6hyDBftEeKdqZB4uZHKqVDK5HAD5rbJrp7b18GvIHd2hANpzGyakA.png" group-title="CANAIS | MÚSICAS", MTV '00 SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmJu4fa79xxQV4Fm8MnCM4S
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="Mtv.br" tvg-name="MTV FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/m0L1cTfVGunSvdcXcByW8OjGkLi6N_XilNEdkw93qulwo9YIlmgKUcAUYj7XSiunDq8Jd08cZEdG62XRdHCsGjgjUDJ5OQzlkv1E41uUQCM.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | MÚSICAS", MTV FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkD-rjdUSbACHIbYxeut8yR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="MTV FHD H265" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/m0L1cTfVGunSvdcXcByW8OjGkLi6N_XilNEdkw93qulwo9YIlmgKUcAUYj7XSiunDq8Jd08cZEdG62XRdHCsGjgjUDJ5OQzlkv1E41uUQCM.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | MÚSICAS", MTV FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkDmTdvkyTnLtjuhXFYxUGd
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="MTV HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/m0L1cTfVGunSvdcXcByW8OjGkLi6N_XilNEdkw93qulwo9YIlmgKUcAUYj7XSiunDq8Jd08cZEdG62XRdHCsGjgjUDJ5OQzlkv1E41uUQCM.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | MÚSICAS", MTV HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmjVSKUGX_p6MEelwwDhLpA
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="MTV LIVE FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/3VjJ1YniCgMX0sPnXMuWLfV1GWIexNP5vsah2XlNADcJtBkOCrbFopLLcuGRM7H7r1x7VI4gC0KD0nKp4_Ou1NcrDufHN5IudtVLlB7S25C-_zd8-gjwTDU5d38lcOE9.png" group-title="CANAIS | MÚSICAS", MTV LIVE FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl7SQQ5Yho120oMantTomnG
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="MTV LIVE HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/3VjJ1YniCgMX0sPnXMuWLfV1GWIexNP5vsah2XlNADcJtBkOCrbFopLLcuGRM7H7r1x7VI4gC0KD0nKp4_Ou1NcrDufHN5IudtVLlB7S25C-_zd8-gjwTDU5d38lcOE9.png" group-title="CANAIS | MÚSICAS", MTV LIVE HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnfGs9qCFW3RwnBfsSba34D
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="MTV LIVE SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/3VjJ1YniCgMX0sPnXMuWLfV1GWIexNP5vsah2XlNADcJtBkOCrbFopLLcuGRM7H7r1x7VI4gC0KD0nKp4_Ou1NcrDufHN5IudtVLlB7S25C-_zd8-gjwTDU5d38lcOE9.png" group-title="CANAIS | MÚSICAS", MTV LIVE SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnENQw70H98vw0iE_lX3BaE
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="MTV SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/m0L1cTfVGunSvdcXcByW8OjGkLi6N_XilNEdkw93qulwo9YIlmgKUcAUYj7XSiunDq8Jd08cZEdG62XRdHCsGjgjUDJ5OQzlkv1E41uUQCM.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | MÚSICAS", MTV SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl9HyDAVyAWT3uVhmUIw8Dz
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="multishow.br" tvg-name="MULTISHOW FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/qgQyjPQ-cv3DXl2lRosM122QJFcgiNJ_e7k8nUIynr1HJjkpvg2k07LtAIbKLnSEzvJS87CBMd1dZ90j9M0bU-EmxAOzuLMdIYNDS8MJWGw.png" group-title="CANAIS | MÚSICAS", MULTISHOW FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnDSCwIJVMDBSllbWh7wm60
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="MULTISHOW FHD H265" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/qgQyjPQ-cv3DXl2lRosM122QJFcgiNJ_e7k8nUIynr1HJjkpvg2k07LtAIbKLnSEzvJS87CBMd1dZ90j9M0bU-EmxAOzuLMdIYNDS8MJWGw.png" group-title="CANAIS | MÚSICAS", MULTISHOW FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk8IIxjbHBty0umrhHMaKov
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="multishow.br" tvg-name="MULTISHOW HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/qgQyjPQ-cv3DXl2lRosM122QJFcgiNJ_e7k8nUIynr1HJjkpvg2k07LtAIbKLnSEzvJS87CBMd1dZ90j9M0bU-EmxAOzuLMdIYNDS8MJWGw.png" group-title="CANAIS | MÚSICAS", MULTISHOW HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnh0CCOZjRAAYtRxYC5oE8i
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="MULTISHOW SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/qgQyjPQ-cv3DXl2lRosM122QJFcgiNJ_e7k8nUIynr1HJjkpvg2k07LtAIbKLnSEzvJS87CBMd1dZ90j9M0bU-EmxAOzuLMdIYNDS8MJWGw.png" group-title="CANAIS | MÚSICAS", MULTISHOW SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlIZBN1Z4l6P9734jR172HL
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="MUSIC BOX BRAZIL FHD H265" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Om6hjLsYDPG-1L_qMe6thnjY_15oqQ-fp577XtzcBqAGhKYf4uWmqbnJBI4Fqq-NMO4U-z4GdogP66o1dbnp9_tzDkAuyAZXhEQBMkYpK8Q.png" group-title="CANAIS | MÚSICAS", MUSIC BOX BRAZIL FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlZUL38wN7lO1GZlxBCGXBN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="MUSIC BOX BRAZIL SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Om6hjLsYDPG-1L_qMe6thnjY_15oqQ-fp577XtzcBqAGhKYf4uWmqbnJBI4Fqq-NMO4U-z4GdogP66o1dbnp9_tzDkAuyAZXhEQBMkYpK8Q.png" group-title="CANAIS | MÚSICAS", MUSIC BOX BRAZIL SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmuB9GUGjdo_T1mY1rsoTJu
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="MUSIC TOP HD" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcSPBtROCXRFR7edGZWD3JcWPUF2c3G4IgFqDV2ReFvkQ9ycpSEoiPUYd8L96EYHFLzAS0M&usqp=CAU" group-title="CANAIS | MÚSICAS", MUSIC TOP HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn1fMpW_U5LfT2woAtd61Kb
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PAGODE" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/-7oKEATgI6CdWxwKW-B7i_GxJ9yshegwAcnyN_RQMQm7jQpwIUofLaSdjGaz6v6OpJ4J1JubWOkh9lXQlO5MB19IYOsfer1kD8rEUFbm-OI.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | MÚSICAS", PAGODE
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmF-69OdKJTxjIi9gL5DWFA
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="POP" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWUPmGMKv7KiRekLhJatFbc15-3H8WwqHDA1B-SXCjydrYgOhQEmZRelh3Aju0-2ge0.png" group-title="CANAIS | MÚSICAS", POP
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnM3XExBCk0xfUFl_BRHHt1
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="POP NACIONAL" tvg-logo="https://www.vagalume.com.br/1470169276225492/default" group-title="CANAIS | MÚSICAS", POP NACIONAL
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm7FchrPEKwPeDbQnr5IfV2
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PRIME BOX BRASIL FHD H265" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/NxsAM0A4MiQPGe6WKJ0mKlhRkJyMOS9s-6wJvAqBbML1iaz2g9AdU4h2xobwEhlwzjiEYuYz_vzfW-_iHSS5NVp2sErCGhYTtyd-iblvE9cWW3x5kKzDK_e_nR3BJ13wMPSXO_4xrGuVHCcGcyvgW2RT9TuekdEFg7uiGOifg2VnJzRkwOs2iCoz5Xh7Pb8KI_RgHuZKokyf9wSyg84NaA.png" group-title="CANAIS | MÚSICAS", PRIME BOX BRASIL FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmgVBQyXJv3v7PUCJOPSKLB
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="Prime Box Brazil" tvg-name="PRIME BOX BRASIL SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/NxsAM0A4MiQPGe6WKJ0mKlhRkJyMOS9s-6wJvAqBbML1iaz2g9AdU4h2xobwEhlwzjiEYuYz_vzfW-_iHSS5NVp2sErCGhYTtyd-iblvE9cWW3x5kKzDK_e_nR3BJ13wMPSXO_4xrGuVHCcGcyvgW2RT9TuekdEFg7uiGOifg2VnJzRkwOs2iCoz5Xh7Pb8KI_RgHuZKokyf9wSyg84NaA.png" group-title="CANAIS | MÚSICAS", PRIME BOX BRASIL SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlIWlAoLxvxS9zkealEAKVI
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="RAP" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/t82rqQBKGq8qcltT5IvotO1zf_X57Iw-2uegyncxNsrWSX_hiY2v91XM62hwlOcLRfXV-W2CBDN1jbgLh5ti6D8BPgANN47BAqLyUQlYXQzvXMHWJEBBu28DxpM8QVdUCpn5gIQwGryTccz3eGUNvLSZBoyj87Pwd2BlcLKlaCA.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | MÚSICAS", RAP
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmVVVqQigmSOTk2qNb0HX_C
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="RETRO MUSIC TV" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcSRRdPowO7oonuusp2cyOYi4wC7ocXYqi5flW2QULL6JXXY4wnMKa5kww5tzRrtz7wUL00&usqp=CAU" group-title="CANAIS | MÚSICAS", RETRO MUSIC TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk8BtZ1-FjHaEPnXB_wHWj-
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="SERTANEJO" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/VjcWddadysoiVJIoAuuzd1y_k5Ugl0QYAqHJ1iIUrXQYo4CC8e8sE01dBL8_zRz-wgsdKBuybj9lOEXykDDYvb6JQJWRhO2DlUHfg3ZWfXU.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | MÚSICAS", SERTANEJO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk8P_pRaV5ScytiXathAgMr
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="BOAS NOVAS" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWXbENAfF9Ojn8n7Vzwv1hPFnrG02tBERbLRNBfmQ5ZOB5SfYRhpHRskX2sCEMYLcYo.png" group-title="CANAIS | RELIGIOSOS", BOAS NOVAS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn8nz00UOGkqrshJfl8-61H
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="cancao.nova.br" tvg-name="CANCAO NOVA HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWU4ul8pA8_dGW6FrjL6WBGhnj6Y7MoZxmEBR3HwkHUb4h_EDwgCbjk5KJYOCFWbtN9XjjDoTWQK6WzDrV03-tBF.png" group-title="CANAIS | RELIGIOSOS", CANCAO NOVA HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmMYz_PiNKLZTwuQiN7oBeA
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="rede.familia.br" tvg-name="REDE FAMILIA HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWWTUhZC9bgPZljHTY-2Xk-06_Y_tLiGTk2m-aWZuigYuk_zybG8Yg6o84rYpMWeRsE.png" group-title="CANAIS | RELIGIOSOS", REDE FAMILIA HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnBd5ebaNAbLEZyFJw4sKq3
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="rede.gospel.br" tvg-name="REDE GOSPEL HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWWgH-DK-CpVT-nE4wQnj4Mi54eVLQ9clG1ig-PeXj9lxZi1ZrnaR5QxY2mH_Bsobh9_-QikG9DF-TtdaNHD_CH7h4ksAs9J1cNxE65gV14_nQ.png" group-title="CANAIS | RELIGIOSOS", REDE GOSPEL HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkZFsjWl346IotPwVaobm-F
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="REDE PLENITUDE TV HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWWyIXDaXXGjJ5JwWpoLcM7enYqPK5-lW53yoSadE64Jew.png" group-title="CANAIS | RELIGIOSOS", REDE PLENITUDE TV HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm5WAGfUIvvdgmdPumesN8v
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="rede.seculo.21.br" tvg-name="REDE SECULO 21 SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/NqtmvB3Hz1pyJ4Ktsfx-HxJesbXIFS5ENytyhoW9qt1nP6j8JDRJOHPk5bxdqrhdjBA60MCq2P5H8GAq7PX9li0X9Ur5nMkO-EBLXomdgqG7OarXUO1vnBHKBhv6wIVnELedcDQ-BqWrLHzOGhgqwjxxGzxPjQ8eH-am6_ZfZjOtmTr7X_5fNOxU9SlA5878VCO4Xr28zpSxBXPIJpkYrA.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | RELIGIOSOS", REDE SECULO 21 SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmENFIX7NfVrR9_Of-ubOt0
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="rede.super.br" tvg-name="REDE SUPER SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWU4ol5_Ymslts4x8l1jRcp36g6cXeuA9likmCkT_TNr8VmzejvK5hn21ycrjkBkLYY.png" group-title="CANAIS | RELIGIOSOS", REDE SUPER SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmnYcHU2ITXIIGIROgNBReh
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="rede.vida.br" tvg-name="Rede Vida HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWX3dO1LrqBN1k1_iMCELtN01WEo0fosmSyCSi9dWgo8e_J6iHsWg9kBiYnEThZj0F0.png" group-title="CANAIS | RELIGIOSOS", Rede Vida HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlBI5CeS-5tEzBiikjlKszE
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="rit.br" tvg-name="RIT TV SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/xy8IhyuKgxBtQy8DDItx4gaYUra2EAnRirwX_IiUwR8kERvVcFWlWOpaJGlukuUx400yLBgVWZr9pURbtKFUqQ.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | RELIGIOSOS", RIT TV SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm7Jd3XNoRXsyNFXqg9L132
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tv.aparecida.br" tvg-name="TV APARECIDA HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWWE9t35dwel6qRDuWefOgUun377Ydv5lMy3qpWjCDSeSo24u8tbWVCxOOXJQ4lgZfk.png" group-title="CANAIS | RELIGIOSOS", TV APARECIDA HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl3xQSGQpDZxWFv977F-o6k
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TV CRISTO VIVE" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/CY1SLXz9y-wbSC_xQ_JMoNa8mzkg1Bq76ZZOhGtomt7XCEt-0lbuYsPPB2D8NRz56SM89gnYPt32wqL0B0qYFKlJFld4zbvBBCQZNIgWtV7eXcmlPQ5CJ1vGV7HqaL1JAJlfNervk1A4leIWtXGwiWvrIPHWZ8VJtqLNQwsmdF0.png" group-title="CANAIS | RELIGIOSOS", TV CRISTO VIVE
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmX0K71yt1LIMintAAoxRbI
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TV ESPACO ESPIRITA" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/uAtJ6ZoAVOiQT2NhDwbA_neDVehPsWNi4cxkuJFgaht9ZeofMxuG_QInNCsPHHmjwhUj3wi23633DxmRQ4CRbKkXlaJL3jJ2X7v14MyOmnoX1mKdqxFKKioxOp9MsBIM2i59crR90ubXDACIn0wsedIzbgG6zR-IhYZRI2irNco.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | RELIGIOSOS", TV ESPACO ESPIRITA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSneM1FpkLDXlxW_echTZV4D
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tv.evangelizar.br" tvg-name="TV EVANGELIZAR SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWXEbGT6qSYwxMeV-syc5mvtwjzGmcxDExrreMkD4gaK8Hi278Eiw9PKAQ40NFBFy3TEVwnyzdYsl18eW9i6JWC2.png" group-title="CANAIS | RELIGIOSOS", TV EVANGELIZAR SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkY_0DztTb5uOXyr-bWXwjA
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TV GIDEOES SD" tvg-logo="https://2.bp.blogspot.com/-bX1OGlr5NlQ/TgVBoH8Gq7I/AAAAAAAADKI/9hltPVTBHsM/s1600/logo_tv.png" group-title="CANAIS | RELIGIOSOS", TV GIDEOES SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmMT0NMCoxxZ2b5gVjAwmkL
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tv.mundial.br" tvg-name="TV MUNDIAL" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWWut4H7YcTxkVmlspnABM0Euckqteri1SciUupdWITuo-g26C-YYqCHprqQ1-yY68wjUQipYFZx1XAn4PrQ7pyI.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | RELIGIOSOS", TV MUNDIAL
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSla_KDxj6cbJdf8UVzMwoZv
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tv.novo.tempo.br" tvg-name="TV Novo Tempo" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWW7Q-9-_rpCesaPKTV8f5SWBIfZAnzY3fUZ5giEehTXxEKAcqcAlLWTMDKzeHMjuCs.png" group-title="CANAIS | RELIGIOSOS", TV Novo Tempo
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlONtaXWkcWCbBqCtDhwC49
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TV PAI ETERNO HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWXCTs8GfY32t5_mGd3ebcLBoMdiCf1jhrag3WxKD2LmdTx-m7jhxi147YmFuQ3eNdw.png" group-title="CANAIS | RELIGIOSOS", TV PAI ETERNO HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnmgbkzOxv_xcMLxSCpIJN1
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="UNIVERSAL TV HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Vuu7UK7AGLmXUi8VhaecuJFhQU40uq2HvXUn_DQgTzWfNj6ROoCJcDgkNrxFvKSRM2ipN5LKjolrUNHRMsAeCg.png" group-title="CANAIS | RELIGIOSOS", UNIVERSAL TV HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkjSBB5dIasc0RUd6oaz-tg
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="CAZE TV HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/vOcCivzEtYOxHmrBKBovY1WCwiuKlDrSnvtBP9JP4fBuGng3giyuMFC1QIqHLjCWf2THK-7zc9ztYt5k93jRKcBjFk1mwpNfR4DCoSmCItTL5VTgqUvWQAIzshLAzKok.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | ESPORTES ESPECIAIS", CAZE TV HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkjtQKpsVlDxjYoMFuCESmV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="DAZN 1 HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/yKopI9K_dqsexvW7iRYa45LNx0DAMo71MyFpkYBQJx49fXFKzQ_TpPuWUPPsCZmZtbDy9jJUNAFctN09WeLxyg.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | ESPORTES ESPECIAIS", DAZN 1 HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm_Gwh1CsIlgmfkUBLaBIAa
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="DAZN 2" tvg-name="DAZN 2 HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/yKopI9K_dqsexvW7iRYa45LNx0DAMo71MyFpkYBQJx49fXFKzQ_TpPuWUPPsCZmZtbDy9jJUNAFctN09WeLxyg.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | ESPORTES ESPECIAIS", DAZN 2 HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk69yWPGdd2yuGmXrf_yDZG
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="DAZN 3 HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/yKopI9K_dqsexvW7iRYa45LNx0DAMo71MyFpkYBQJx49fXFKzQ_TpPuWUPPsCZmZtbDy9jJUNAFctN09WeLxyg.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | ESPORTES ESPECIAIS", DAZN 3 HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlrVU_SPHJBjJQnyZGR2Mju
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="DAZN 4 HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/yKopI9K_dqsexvW7iRYa45LNx0DAMo71MyFpkYBQJx49fXFKzQ_TpPuWUPPsCZmZtbDy9jJUNAFctN09WeLxyg.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | ESPORTES ESPECIAIS", DAZN 4 HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlaXL3PYojOZmaNJCONR6H8
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="LIGA FUTSAL HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWVByR6e8m1MQ-Yl5UeySM2hI8fGPXQCgnpzDY27gAMzwYQlO9b0N1dgQr22AABa-y0.png" group-title="CANAIS | ESPORTES ESPECIAIS", LIGA FUTSAL HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn7NSixchaY5dvoDMe2Wvgc
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="LIGA FUTSAL HD 2" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWVByR6e8m1MQ-Yl5UeySM2hI8fGPXQCgnpzDY27gAMzwYQlO9b0N1dgQr22AABa-y0.png" group-title="CANAIS | ESPORTES ESPECIAIS", LIGA FUTSAL HD 2
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlC87srN2l041z8bsuXqb91
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="NOSSO FUTEBOL 1" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/RFpGgiFIwD-zg89GX_bnrM21ys_k7U76WWBBnJpgLF1bLU0toZFIJYszKbUcQNYzHU-nIPjiC1Th6D6IuODMxffz81PLI_WEp7QYoSlZ4Wkg8muuSDERETksjnIqvWAlvnyFkg0xHBbFQXIPMo6gChnimoI9nfGxNB-isdeC0HqK-3lJCKG2mfpCp_jU0rwyaJD3wHyV6aCMAHTffwUQHw.png" group-title="CANAIS | ESPORTES ESPECIAIS", NOSSO FUTEBOL 1
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkbYI_NjLK--OkUjDkuUMa7
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="NOSSO FUTEBOL 2" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/RFpGgiFIwD-zg89GX_bnrM21ys_k7U76WWBBnJpgLF1bLU0toZFIJYszKbUcQNYzHU-nIPjiC1Th6D6IuODMxffz81PLI_WEp7QYoSlZ4Wkg8muuSDERETksjnIqvWAlvnyFkg0xHBbFQXIPMo6gChnimoI9nfGxNB-isdeC0HqK-3lJCKG2mfpCp_jU0rwyaJD3wHyV6aCMAHTffwUQHw.png" group-title="CANAIS | ESPORTES ESPECIAIS", NOSSO FUTEBOL 2
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmLbX07xu93UVd3KGbW8LXv
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="NOSSO FUTEBOL 3" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/RFpGgiFIwD-zg89GX_bnrM21ys_k7U76WWBBnJpgLF1bLU0toZFIJYszKbUcQNYzHU-nIPjiC1Th6D6IuODMxffz81PLI_WEp7QYoSlZ4Wkg8muuSDERETksjnIqvWAlvnyFkg0xHBbFQXIPMo6gChnimoI9nfGxNB-isdeC0HqK-3lJCKG2mfpCp_jU0rwyaJD3wHyV6aCMAHTffwUQHw.png" group-title="CANAIS | ESPORTES ESPECIAIS", NOSSO FUTEBOL 3
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmD6DAa1-Ojnp3eMXfVN9E_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="NOSSO FUTEBOL 4" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/RFpGgiFIwD-zg89GX_bnrM21ys_k7U76WWBBnJpgLF1bLU0toZFIJYszKbUcQNYzHU-nIPjiC1Th6D6IuODMxffz81PLI_WEp7QYoSlZ4Wkg8muuSDERETksjnIqvWAlvnyFkg0xHBbFQXIPMo6gChnimoI9nfGxNB-isdeC0HqK-3lJCKG2mfpCp_jU0rwyaJD3wHyV6aCMAHTffwUQHw.png" group-title="CANAIS | ESPORTES ESPECIAIS", NOSSO FUTEBOL 4
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlwbuyNUGwtRhNJYCkk9IUf
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="CINE SKY 01 HD" tvg-logo="https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/2/20/Skytvold1.png/revision/latest?cb=20210507201925" group-title="CANAIS | CINE SKY", CINE SKY 01 HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSksPbNf8l1xRV4-SjCSEXhy
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="CINE SKY 02 HD" tvg-logo="https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/2/20/Skytvold1.png/revision/latest?cb=20210507201925" group-title="CANAIS | CINE SKY", CINE SKY 02 HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkzdEutHhq_k6WRDZKAOSHw
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="CINE SKY 03 HD" tvg-logo="https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/2/20/Skytvold1.png/revision/latest?cb=20210507201925" group-title="CANAIS | CINE SKY", CINE SKY 03 HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnpFDoDRRg2PNNaK3I_S15H
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="CINE SKY 04 HD" tvg-logo="https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/2/20/Skytvold1.png/revision/latest?cb=20210507201925" group-title="CANAIS | CINE SKY", CINE SKY 04 HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm61oMUejtEztgpfC4RDeus
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="CINE SKY 05 HD" tvg-logo="https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/2/20/Skytvold1.png/revision/latest?cb=20210507201925" group-title="CANAIS | CINE SKY", CINE SKY 05 HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmv8-FTATfXjMvPM-iVmewC
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="CINE SKY 06 HD" tvg-logo="https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/2/20/Skytvold1.png/revision/latest?cb=20210507201925" group-title="CANAIS | CINE SKY", CINE SKY 06 HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn_RkzCcmaCJr8FL2XtEJMF
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="CINE SKY 07 HD" tvg-logo="https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/2/20/Skytvold1.png/revision/latest?cb=20210507201925" group-title="CANAIS | CINE SKY", CINE SKY 07 HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk2yyDhkEoCvgKM8kItQgbH
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="eptv.central.br" tvg-name="EPTV Central HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", EPTV Central HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn6Ae-HZiIGkfVgAygi8Fow
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="eptv.central.br" tvg-name="EPTV Central SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", EPTV Central SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkZl9pwy3c8QWNMvv2NOEhf
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="eptv.sul.minas.br" tvg-name="EPTV Sul de Minas HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", EPTV Sul de Minas HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn-a4b9oHOCCrI5V62p8cWi
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="eptv.sul.minas.br" tvg-name="EPTV Sul de Minas SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", EPTV Sul de Minas SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmNXFTSshTabjYeKi72HsGq
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tv.amapa.br" tvg-name="GLOBO AMAPÁ FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO AMAPÁ FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmEIBQRuCHiaz9wa7-sMyIb
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tv.amapa.br" tvg-name="GLOBO AMAPÁ HD" tvg-logo="https://logodownload.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/rede-globo-logo-1.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO AMAPÁ HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn4fAjyRU6nO7Y4-mIoFjD8
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="globo.belo.horizonte.br" tvg-name="GLOBO BELO HORIZONTE FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO BELO HORIZONTE FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkfhmH7r-w1kDQCx5DgtaLh
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="globo.belo.horizonte.br" tvg-name="GLOBO BELO HORIZONTE HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO BELO HORIZONTE HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnhAriPmqlHYVIyHONGsjiU
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="globo.brasilia.br" tvg-name="GLOBO BRASILIA FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO BRASILIA FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlp6y4YDNfQugVudyG93hEq
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tv.centro.america.br" tvg-name="GLOBO CENTRO AMERICA FHD" tvg-logo="https://logodownload.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/rede-globo-logo-1.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO CENTRO AMERICA FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl3S13zfnRBxjV28KOJSBrR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="eptv.campinas.br" tvg-name="GLOBO EPTV CAMPINAS FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO EPTV CAMPINAS FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnwz8SWHq89Y7JwIbKBluxt
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="eptv.campinas.br" tvg-name="GLOBO EPTV Campinas HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO EPTV Campinas HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn9pP0_eDw85tpeLy5GeZ6A
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="eptv.campinas.br" tvg-name="GLOBO EPTV Campinas SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO EPTV Campinas SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkUqURkm_PUq6AZiQpXm1ix
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="eptv.ribeirao.preto.br" tvg-name="GLOBO EPTV RIBEIRAO PRETO FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO EPTV RIBEIRAO PRETO FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnv77zekV32oKuY3pZGNp1t
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="eptv.ribeirao.preto.br" tvg-name="GLOBO EPTV RIBEIRAO PRETO HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO EPTV RIBEIRAO PRETO HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkMCZfMpNHSBQOMn8vszPHG
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="eptv.ribeirao.preto.br" tvg-name="GLOBO EPTV RIBEIRAO PRETO SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO EPTV RIBEIRAO PRETO SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk-FXF8QVdaWPVSNWPY82fk
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="globo.br" tvg-name="GLOBO EPTV SAO CARLOS HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO EPTV SAO CARLOS HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlfOpOz1ccVx98eRI4uYOfm
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="GLOBO FEIRA DE SANTANA BAHIA" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO FEIRA DE SANTANA BAHIA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn8bbqmlzhy5aqTrX2s7cBI
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="intertv.costa.branca.br" tvg-name="GLOBO INTER TV ALTO LITORAL FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO INTER TV ALTO LITORAL FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlcqjbQw0UXjp-yrftn_Rs0
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="inter.alto.litoral.br" tvg-name="GLOBO INTER TV ALTO LITORAL HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO INTER TV ALTO LITORAL HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl2KaEkxN6jrXOd2ghBUJuB
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="inter.alto.litoral.br" tvg-name="GLOBO INTER TV ALTO LITORAL SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO INTER TV ALTO LITORAL SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn5cD4S8wpK4qgUYWzOisvM
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="intertv.cabugi.br" tvg-name="GLOBO INTER TV CABUGI FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO INTER TV CABUGI FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk-SyrSUcGrym_qbb3cCRMw
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="intertv.cabugi.br" tvg-name="GLOBO INTER TV CABUGI HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO INTER TV CABUGI HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn5KbJE67QNHPVds8yRvKH8
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="intertv.cabugi.br" tvg-name="GLOBO INTER TV CABUGI SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO INTER TV CABUGI SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnU8x323gawE5OH3MWvmfzi
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="intertv.costa.branca.br" tvg-name="GLOBO INTER TV DOS VALES FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO INTER TV DOS VALES FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkesHZ_JE1KVwupvbY-TiLw
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="intertv.planicie.br" tvg-name="GLOBO INTER TV DOS VALES HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO INTER TV DOS VALES HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkg_Aeb_J0OGo8g77xk9FPX
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="intertv.planicie.br" tvg-name="GLOBO INTER TV DOS VALES SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO INTER TV DOS VALES SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmO6o-H3L0Lz9iIppce_JYO
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="GLOBO JUAZEIRO BAHIA" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO JUAZEIRO BAHIA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmoBrpa-VcyaPfIfTUKCS8t
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="GLOBO JUAZEIRO DO NORTE" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO JUAZEIRO DO NORTE
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk5h-nTKczB_6-Uk9xHSB94
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="globo.recife.br" tvg-name="GLOBO PERNAMBUCO HD" tvg-logo="https://logodownload.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/rede-globo-logo-1.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO PERNAMBUCO HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl0hKwgoz1qTGxDB5FuiZ4a
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="globo.recife.br" tvg-name="GLOBO PERNAMBUCO SD" tvg-logo="https://logodownload.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/rede-globo-logo-1.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO PERNAMBUCO SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlvKA_zJe59s19LOU42m0hS
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="rbs.caxias.do.sul.br" tvg-name="GLOBO RBS TV CAXIAS DO SUL FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO RBS TV CAXIAS DO SUL FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnx_H4vLDjX1rPQCWgqdNqv
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="rbs.caxias.do.sul.br" tvg-name="GLOBO RBS TV CAXIAS DO SUL HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO RBS TV CAXIAS DO SUL HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnvEYn1Twwn39exwb4cUY__
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="rbs.caxias.do.sul.br" tvg-name="GLOBO RBS TV PASSO FUNDO FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO RBS TV PASSO FUNDO FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkZNJmoOfizkjJAJrJjO0qh
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="rbs.caxias.do.sul.br" tvg-name="GLOBO RBS TV PASSO FUNDO HD" tvg-logo="https://logodownload.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/rede-globo-logo-1.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO RBS TV PASSO FUNDO HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnlk7a-NqpboWreNjCl7YOF
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="rbs.porto.alegre.br" tvg-name="GLOBO RBS TV PELOTAS FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO RBS TV PELOTAS FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnYJfCkHFp4ZRxRDX_acglg
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="GLOBO REDE AMAZONICA ITACOATIARA" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO REDE AMAZONICA ITACOATIARA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnKvW35bhZlArR20kiz-POu
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tv.rondonia.br" tvg-name="GLOBO RONDONIA HD" tvg-logo="https://logodownload.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/rede-globo-logo-1.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO RONDONIA HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnEIyCoZRZ9H9dwvgbwnH5J
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tv.rondonia.br" tvg-name="GLOBO RONDONIA SD" tvg-logo="https://logodownload.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/rede-globo-logo-1.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO RONDONIA SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn-8rXshRmqLp8hDAmC8VgK
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tv.roraima.br" tvg-name="GLOBO RORAIMA HD" tvg-logo="https://logodownload.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/rede-globo-logo-1.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO RORAIMA HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmlBiu17xsSMK_zclFN7Dwe
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="GLOBO RORAIMA SD" tvg-logo="https://logodownload.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/rede-globo-logo-1.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO RORAIMA SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkggqJMZc8wwkbyieDBKk0M
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="rpc.foz.do.iguacu.br" tvg-name="GLOBO RPC FOZ DO IGUACU FHD" tvg-logo="https://logodownload.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/rede-globo-logo-1.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO RPC FOZ DO IGUACU FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmSZAdMhgeOEd50IREIHQGu
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="rpc.maringa.br" tvg-name="GLOBO RPC MARINGA FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO RPC MARINGA FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlXu4XkhnSKhVGjLjGB1PAZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="rpc.paranavai.br" tvg-name="GLOBO RPC PARANAVAI FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO RPC PARANAVAI FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSngA7uvDTVAloQ7FbqWC7zc
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="rpc.ponta.grossa.br" tvg-name="GLOBO RPC TV PONTA GROSSA FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO RPC TV PONTA GROSSA FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlmcuJ2X0Mm2n5jQn1VNRlq
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="rpc.ponta.grossa.br" tvg-name="GLOBO RPC TV PONTA GROSSA HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO RPC TV PONTA GROSSA HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmwElbtMiq6f8WKc9qHwhV8
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="globo.br" tvg-name="GLOBO SJRP FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO SJRP FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl0snWvkxVFGHWQYMmIPB7g
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="globo.br" tvg-name="GLOBO SJRP HD" tvg-logo="https://logodownload.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/rede-globo-logo-1.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO SJRP HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlyrOyBG2rSAG2xVCEk-tsm
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tv.mar.alagoas.br" tvg-name="GLOBO TV ALAGOAS FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO TV ALAGOAS FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkw4qkEQLxHbbzedAc0lyT9
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="GLOBO TV ANHANGUERA ANAPOLIS" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO TV ANHANGUERA ANAPOLIS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkQdluRxnsxkHzX0yAzreF0
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="GLOBO TV ANHANGUERA CATALAO" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO TV ANHANGUERA CATALAO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm3JrgLWStOI24QnBtQW5Nd
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="globo.anhanguera.br" tvg-name="GLOBO TV ANHANGUERA FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO TV ANHANGUERA FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkXzt-VfPEzLxsR9sDQAsQV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="GLOBO TV ANHANGUERA ITUMBIARA" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO TV ANHANGUERA ITUMBIARA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlKVqTI1v12OKpPp7ncSYg7
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="GLOBO TV ANHANGUERA JATAI" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO TV ANHANGUERA JATAI
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmZm16xJ1gO0ZHdCLIk0mrf
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="GLOBO TV ANHANGUERA LUZIANIA" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO TV ANHANGUERA LUZIANIA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlLXX1KFZEWZG9xFWjnob55
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="GLOBO TV ANHANGUERA PARAGANTU" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO TV ANHANGUERA PARAGANTU
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmYPoblgjtgWjmBaL4BiRyV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tv.asa.branca.br" tvg-name="GLOBO TV ASA BRANCA HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO TV ASA BRANCA HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmBHH5yaJv8SJ9six_fiP9J
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="ZYB610" tvg-name="GLOBO TV BAGE HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO TV BAGE HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlHL8e5qOjGObYPzkVIOUvS
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="ZYB610" tvg-name="GLOBO TV BAGE SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO TV BAGE SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnnqLksRt8GbFDl2GoWoEsT
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tv.cabo.branco.br" tvg-name="GLOBO TV CABO BRANCO HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO TV CABO BRANCO HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlgNRWNasmZI80VZDZpJQks
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tv.cabo.branco.br" tvg-name="GLOBO TV CABO BRANCO SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO TV CABO BRANCO SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSksR9A5DsmCvl1yKw5uFmxV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="globo.br" tvg-name="GLOBO TV CLUBE PIAUI HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO TV CLUBE PIAUI HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlyTOaj__62UhPcAYa4IlQZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="ZYB623" tvg-name="GLOBO TV CRUZ ALTA HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO TV CRUZ ALTA HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlMC13PSgwZO70x3lN3vKYf
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="rbs.cruz.alta.br" tvg-name="GLOBO TV CRUZ ALTA SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO TV CRUZ ALTA SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlb0tyj_qNnhRr2qBNhWn2M
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="GLOBO TV DIARIO FHD" tvg-logo="https://logodownload.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/rede-globo-logo-1.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO TV DIARIO FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkEhHENKrPVINby6x2k03dU
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tv.diario.br" tvg-name="GLOBO TV DIARIO HD" tvg-logo="https://logodownload.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/rede-globo-logo-1.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO TV DIARIO HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSncrgisOMrqi0XaC2e4HyDk
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="GLOBO TV ERECHIN HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO TV ERECHIN HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmOfmVBwXnU-HnOM-1xF_bR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="GLOBO TV ERECHIN SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO TV ERECHIN SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmJKM9YFVLTjmoDgQ1f573u
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tv.fronteira.br" tvg-name="GLOBO TV FRONTEIRA FHD" tvg-logo="https://logodownload.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/rede-globo-logo-1.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO TV FRONTEIRA FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnIgmfTtlCABq7vg4HX-uNt
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tv.fronteira.br" tvg-name="GLOBO TV FRONTEIRA HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO TV FRONTEIRA HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkldmQ9-QlkhOli_go6B4J9
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tv.fronteira.br" tvg-name="GLOBO TV FRONTEIRA SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO TV FRONTEIRA SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnojgXQ2sRWHBqb8lY_aV7P
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tv.gazeta.sul.br" tvg-name="GLOBO TV GAZETA SUL FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO TV GAZETA SUL FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlh5pHN2VOupeJ-hN1i-ZUY
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tv.gazeta.sul.br" tvg-name="GLOBO TV GAZETA SUL HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO TV GAZETA SUL HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkLQ2D3_C-86bpxusCE8juP
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tv.gazeta.sul.br" tvg-name="GLOBO TV GAZETA SUL SD" tvg-logo="https://logodownload.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/rede-globo-logo-1.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO TV GAZETA SUL SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnTGDJ-d5W-3wMZEHPHSlh5
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tv.gazeta.sul.br" tvg-name="GLOBO TV GAZETA VITORIA FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO TV GAZETA VITORIA FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmNeQLxMKTiYDLG_4AWTQuN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tv.integracao.araxa.br" tvg-name="GLOBO TV INTEG. ARAXA FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO TV INTEG. ARAXA FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlZoqR46ugQaXiFqEuq8Yxe
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tv.integracao.br" tvg-name="GLOBO TV INTEG. JUIZ DE FORA FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO TV INTEG. JUIZ DE FORA FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnGQ_ctdYsZRp9xKGvOwFXO
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tv.integracao.br" tvg-name="GLOBO TV INTEG. JUIZ DE FORA HD" tvg-logo="https://logodownload.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/rede-globo-logo-1.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO TV INTEG. JUIZ DE FORA HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlpj7ouxpoOIt7hm7s5zqvH
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="globo.nordeste.br" tvg-name="GLOBO TV NORDESTE  FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO TV NORDESTE  FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnTy7_TOiodo0BwqnNW9lGM
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="globo.nordeste.br" tvg-name="GLOBO TV NORDESTE HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO TV NORDESTE HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlU_7b4EvougH4oB-LIaa8D
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="globo.nordeste.br" tvg-name="GLOBO TV NORDESTE SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO TV NORDESTE SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmTXNJ17YSjLCz7DvdTUnvm
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="GLOBO TV OESTE BARREIRAS BAHIA" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO TV OESTE BARREIRAS BAHIA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkeEN3qDZxAKE8Bdv4IYI6n
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="ZYB626" tvg-name="GLOBO TV PASSO FUNDO HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO TV PASSO FUNDO HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnOu9ptEiy-9VfgxvbkZVIx
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="ZYB626" tvg-name="GLOBO TV PASSO FUNDO SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO TV PASSO FUNDO SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk5Sk9wpDC44PDSCqMvneOf
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tv.rio.sul.br" tvg-name="GLOBO TV RIO SUL FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO TV RIO SUL FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnCKbwgPryS282ZsNaZ56EZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tv.rio.sul.br" tvg-name="GLOBO TV RIO SUL HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO TV RIO SUL HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm3uoQfGX7mQeTdlOMk5Jij
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tv.rio.sul.br" tvg-name="GLOBO TV RIO SUL SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO TV RIO SUL SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkpJ9U5DWpUIjSRaBEMMQOJ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="GLOBO TV SANTA CRUZ HD" tvg-logo="https://logodownload.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/rede-globo-logo-1.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO TV SANTA CRUZ HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSle32UqehsaFCkYnfsi8tkR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="GLOBO TV SANTA CRUZ ITABUNA BAHIA" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO TV SANTA CRUZ ITABUNA BAHIA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkAyhYJjEOx7PTmYf1hS95s
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="GLOBO TV SANTA CRUZ SD" tvg-logo="https://logodownload.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/rede-globo-logo-1.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO TV SANTA CRUZ SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnwaTNVkfIKEVnFYLUOaYlu
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tv.sergipe.br" tvg-name="GLOBO TV SERGIPE HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO TV SERGIPE HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmJjbL7AO2UmPhipm5y7W-l
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="intertv.serra.mar.br" tvg-name="GLOBO TV SERRA MAR FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO TV SERRA MAR FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkny7tkWbcBwlrYFULhQwWR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="GLOBO TV SUBAE HD" tvg-logo="https://logodownload.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/rede-globo-logo-1.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO TV SUBAE HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlpKbioWGCb7WAwnNNaCtSN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tv.tem.sorocaba.br" tvg-name="GLOBO TV TEM SOROCABA FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO TV TEM SOROCABA FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSktd8EerEZKQOCUvy2WVcRg
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="globo.vanguarda.br" tvg-name="GLOBO TV VANG. S.J. CAMPOS FHD" tvg-logo="https://logodownload.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/rede-globo-logo-1.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", GLOBO TV VANG. S.J. CAMPOS FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkQ_gokLV2NNrGTTuwN1sEa
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="intertv.grande.minas.br" tvg-name="Inter TV Grande Minas HD" tvg-logo="https://logodownload.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/rede-globo-logo-1.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", Inter TV Grande Minas HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkgrRvhm__rGj99cy1-jgyu
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="intertv.grande.minas.br" tvg-name="Inter TV Grande Minas SD" tvg-logo="https://logodownload.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/rede-globo-logo-1.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", Inter TV Grande Minas SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlKWEk0zg07KFwFwAW9SDbL
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="intertv.serra.mar.br" tvg-name="Inter TV Serra Mar HD" tvg-logo="https://logodownload.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/rede-globo-logo-1.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", Inter TV Serra Mar HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl2fAcq-0Pt1-L3XMZT0Gz6
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="intertv.serra.mar.br" tvg-name="Inter TV Serra Mar SD" tvg-logo="https://logodownload.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/rede-globo-logo-1.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", Inter TV Serra Mar SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnit0Qj2-yzV5u4Bgp-ul73
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="nsc.blumenau.br" tvg-name="NSC TV BLUMENAU FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", NSC TV BLUMENAU FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmhlnWQqYh8qoFqi5N1W0jV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="nsc.blumenau.br" tvg-name="NSC TV BLUMENAU HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", NSC TV BLUMENAU HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmg5KzZLiZ2QoEMeiJHlXdQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="nsc.chapeco.br" tvg-name="NSC TV CHAPECO FHD" tvg-logo="https://logodownload.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/rede-globo-logo-1.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", NSC TV CHAPECO FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk4XnW3dW4caI7WUPvJHbfZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="nsc.chapeco.br" tvg-name="NSC TV CHAPECO HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", NSC TV CHAPECO HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkW7LC-AlvuREpqKIK9aL1T
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="nsc.criciuma.br" tvg-name="NSC TV CRICIUMA FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", NSC TV CRICIUMA FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnNnGVUklc5z3XzpvzGY7JL
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="nsc.criciuma.br" tvg-name="NSC TV CRICIUMA HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", NSC TV CRICIUMA HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmq_DJIRtotkHmf1Ri0pYB-
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="nsc.florianopolis.br" tvg-name="NSC TV FLORIANOPOLIS FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", NSC TV FLORIANOPOLIS FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmuT8RQ12OfJIiXvl9E07FE
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="nsc.florianopolis.br" tvg-name="NSC TV Florianópolis HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", NSC TV Florianópolis HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkvxbOsZGN9nhUtPjo-wBZc
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="nsc.florianopolis.br" tvg-name="NSC TV Florianópolis SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", NSC TV Florianópolis SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn4mQ92kUbwgss_FngduBsZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="nsc.joinville.br" tvg-name="NSC TV JOINVILLE FHD" tvg-logo="https://logodownload.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/rede-globo-logo-1.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", NSC TV JOINVILLE FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkvI-zUcG0J1gwnLJS5UiZQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="nsc.joinville.br" tvg-name="NSC TV JOINVILLE HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", NSC TV JOINVILLE HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmnIUB7Oa-UNUqGufuMmDM-
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="rbs.porto.alegre.br" tvg-name="RBS TV Porto Alegre HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", RBS TV Porto Alegre HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmHCkxWDtJzLflliEWVJ7da
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="rbs.porto.alegre.br" tvg-name="RBS TV Porto Alegre SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", RBS TV Porto Alegre SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnvPYm09rwL3nnXsm4hiDM2
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="rede.amazonica.rio.branco.br" tvg-name="Rede Amazônica Boa Vista HD" tvg-logo="https://logodownload.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/rede-globo-logo-1.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", Rede Amazônica Boa Vista HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkeR1Smo9cdpGyKrgdRMR3a
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="rede.amazonica.rio.branco.br" tvg-name="Rede Amazônica Boa Vista SD" tvg-logo="https://logodownload.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/rede-globo-logo-1.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", Rede Amazônica Boa Vista SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnY78u8BJLEyMz2R-4BwRnI
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="rede.amazonica.manaus.br" tvg-name="Rede Amazônica Manaus HD" tvg-logo="https://logodownload.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/rede-globo-logo-1.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", Rede Amazônica Manaus HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkY7K68aGRw1YTSGWHtUKF0
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="rede.amazonica.manaus.br" tvg-name="Rede Amazônica Manaus SD" tvg-logo="https://logodownload.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/rede-globo-logo-1.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", Rede Amazônica Manaus SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlEjeRphFqDVwaNK27Gn-ND
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="rede.amazonica.rio.branco.br" tvg-name="Rede Amazônica Porto Velho HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", Rede Amazônica Porto Velho HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmcAFYfu8ZB0zjtdgy5aCAe
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="rede.amazonica.rio.branco.br" tvg-name="Rede Amazônica Rio Branco HD" tvg-logo="https://logodownload.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/rede-globo-logo-1.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", Rede Amazônica Rio Branco HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkbWLhSSgvDJBlibFnH0pnx
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="rede.amazonica.rio.branco.br" tvg-name="Rede Amazônica Rio Branco SD" tvg-logo="https://logodownload.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/rede-globo-logo-1.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", Rede Amazônica Rio Branco SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmUjIku3O1gVs7_mPFpeEGx
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="rpc.curitiba.br" tvg-name="RPC Curitiba HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", RPC Curitiba HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlrsPL1szorWHmMIqkZ6sJu
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="rpc.curitiba.br" tvg-name="RPC Curitiba SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", RPC Curitiba SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmPgsS0fo72FEf6Z5YsC6X0
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tv.anhanguera.br" tvg-name="TV Anhanguera Goiânia HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", TV Anhanguera Goiânia HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnzm0HpRV5PE1_fKHxuIh3U
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="globo.anhanguera.br" tvg-name="TV Anhanguera Goiânia SD" tvg-logo="https://logodownload.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/rede-globo-logo-1.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", TV Anhanguera Goiânia SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmOnjpSv8-DRx0vURmPclLz
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="globo.bahia.br" tvg-name="TV Bahia HD" tvg-logo="https://logodownload.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/rede-globo-logo-1.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", TV Bahia HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk0IyCheJw-7090peec2j70
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="globo.bahia.br" tvg-name="TV Bahia SD" tvg-logo="https://logodownload.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/rede-globo-logo-1.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", TV Bahia SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn013qZ8OQz_BIjVDk_aQzG
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tv.centro.america.cuiaba.br" tvg-name="TV Centro-américa Cuiabá HD" tvg-logo="https://logodownload.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/rede-globo-logo-1.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", TV Centro-américa Cuiabá HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkEqKMOn881WEEKzpOHsKwZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tv.centro.america.cuiaba.br" tvg-name="TV Centro-américa Cuiabá SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", TV Centro-américa Cuiabá SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmb456Im4h1AdJQmCXFQVrW
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="globo.brasilia.br" tvg-name="TV Globo Brasília HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", TV Globo Brasília HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnV_ub-QkNLZDCoPZGkl4zo
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="globo.brasilia.br" tvg-name="TV Globo Brasília SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", TV Globo Brasília SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnsIMCcVJG55afCMo8TS76G
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="globo.minas.br" tvg-name="TV Globo Minas HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", TV Globo Minas HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkbQ7V37Dvwau3r1Gvvwiss
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="globo.minas.br" tvg-name="TV Globo Minas SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", TV Globo Minas SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSltTGlrymH_BcZuLFyY_zX7
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="globo.rio.br" tvg-name="TV Globo Rio FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", TV Globo Rio FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmgZJ6l2oOtq1bA1PZPOlU_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="globo.rio.br" tvg-name="TV Globo Rio HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", TV Globo Rio HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmBlvjKa_8NdL1qKs6OH7Wv
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="globo.rio.br" tvg-name="TV Globo Rio SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", TV Globo Rio SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm5obIxAVZ8ERzMKCvswGfc
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="globo.sao.paulo.br" tvg-name="TV Globo São Paulo FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", TV Globo São Paulo FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmiyE26cH28NeVJseLxvhOB
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="globo.sao.paulo.br" tvg-name="TV Globo São Paulo FHD H265" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", TV Globo São Paulo FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlWtCDBFaEMvORi3xEpfdvf
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="globo.sao.paulo.br" tvg-name="TV Globo São Paulo HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", TV Globo São Paulo HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSluaIfTpJV_idowvhMEGrjV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="globo.sao.paulo.br" tvg-name="TV Globo São Paulo SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", TV Globo São Paulo SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkORCWRaTp45UwCTVVAK2cw
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="globo.belem.liberal.br" tvg-name="TV Liberal Belém HD" tvg-logo="https://logodownload.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/rede-globo-logo-1.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", TV Liberal Belém HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnZ3auqRYQlcA0-vhEDVBEA
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="globo.belem.liberal.br" tvg-name="TV Liberal Belém SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", TV Liberal Belém SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmxirpHJA6bEdkL8QcUsf5T
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tv.mirante.sao.luis.br" tvg-name="TV Mirante Imperatriz HD" tvg-logo="https://logodownload.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/rede-globo-logo-1.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", TV Mirante Imperatriz HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnd2lRC_v2imIMlVAoV0hcO
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tv.mirante.sao.luis.br" tvg-name="TV Mirante Imperatriz SD" tvg-logo="https://logodownload.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/rede-globo-logo-1.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", TV Mirante Imperatriz SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnNVIVTrRXbmk24e_7PH0du
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tv.mirante.sao.luis.br" tvg-name="TV Mirante São Luiz HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", TV Mirante São Luiz HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmYHGHJEsdQYzaDLdc_Elzs
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tv.mirante.sao.luis.br" tvg-name="TV Mirante São Luiz SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", TV Mirante São Luiz SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlDTOWe6KY1Z1jsA9V-DgCh
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tv.morena.br" tvg-name="TV Morena Campo Grande HD" tvg-logo="https://logodownload.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/rede-globo-logo-1.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", TV Morena Campo Grande HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkgYFsRHNYB-vuaG-swHu62
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tv.morena.br" tvg-name="TV Morena Campo Grande SD" tvg-logo="https://logodownload.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/rede-globo-logo-1.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", TV Morena Campo Grande SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn9kpQ1y12DJQZXVlegPapW
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="globo.tem.bauru.br" tvg-name="TV TEM Bauru HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", TV TEM Bauru HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkT_09JVb4rywayV4vfIs7u
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="globo.tem.bauru.br" tvg-name="TV TEM Bauru SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", TV TEM Bauru SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmWsfXPMASVXfxwgw4E1oe2
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tv.tem.sorocaba.br" tvg-name="TV TEM Sorocaba HD" tvg-logo="https://logodownload.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/rede-globo-logo-1.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", TV TEM Sorocaba HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlb_E8aIL3rTD6Dl58v3NRD
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tv.tem.sorocaba.br" tvg-name="TV TEM Sorocaba SD" tvg-logo="https://logodownload.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/rede-globo-logo-1.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", TV TEM Sorocaba SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkIn66hlEz4l6-DiSRZiqxP
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TV TEM São José do Rio Preto HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", TV TEM São José do Rio Preto HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlZNKAckWm_FOHtmbadGbtS
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TV TEM São José do Rio Preto SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", TV TEM São José do Rio Preto SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnxWVSQ_UAbk6iDimo7u0sj
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tv.tribuna.br" tvg-name="TV Tribuna HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", TV Tribuna HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn4dzSrxA1yMl5wYP8hkSm_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tv.tribuna.br" tvg-name="TV Tribuna SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", TV Tribuna SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl5BdUv95qXEniZb5pTKKjI
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tv.verdes.mares.cariri.br" tvg-name="TV Verdes Mares Cariri HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", TV Verdes Mares Cariri HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn_rhQBcSp68Xn-YrJvsfaz
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tv.verdes.mares.cariri.br" tvg-name="TV Verdes Mares Cariri SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", TV Verdes Mares Cariri SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlEgFSIGg2WgGxZUeloueo-
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tv.verdes.mares.br" tvg-name="TV Verdes Mares Fortaleza HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", TV Verdes Mares Fortaleza HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmdsgg1lu8sVagyPPMQbf8b
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tv.verdes.mares.br" tvg-name="TV Verdes Mares Fortaleza SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", TV Verdes Mares Fortaleza SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmhwNh80ZEsELNwL9hQXExQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="globo.vanguarda.br" tvg-name="Vanguarda São José dos Campos HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", Vanguarda São José dos Campos HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnUT9fcl6dPOVLAb4GF5xx9
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="globo.vanguarda.br" tvg-name="Vanguarda São José dos Campos SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", Vanguarda São José dos Campos SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlqdSkrNW43KUEntmJiqDCc
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="globo.vanguarda.br" tvg-name="Vanguarda Taubaté HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/KzaeFxAY48SKwaLpBzQydD0ujZXoUKMqDn7yFZV3R0sJT1_H_UtWk7Id7ZVdllztVID7vxjE7tQ4cId7GS6w_e6q3hevcFWY0U-mt8vv1dw.png" group-title="CANAIS | GLOBO", Vanguarda Taubaté HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSktyZJIhaaF7oQw2m2bqqq2
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="hbo.2.br" tvg-name="HBO 2 FHD" tvg-logo="https://logospng.org/download/hbo-2/hbo-2-4096.png" group-title="CANAIS | HBO", HBO 2 FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlC7cF6LwR0sz7xjRg1QyNZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="hbo.2.br" tvg-name="HBO 2 FHD H265" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/JCCyANRZsMoq8nmV2gcKqt1DD97QdOTqvQuwqMlpKsar3tARPT5vyT6FaZjCyDXFc7SBTDQaAGosE7DCiSHt-Q.png" group-title="CANAIS | HBO", HBO 2 FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmkx_vtTQwCjVUNDxbAeTBX
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="hbo2.br" tvg-name="HBO 2 HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/JCCyANRZsMoq8nmV2gcKqt1DD97QdOTqvQuwqMlpKsar3tARPT5vyT6FaZjCyDXFc7SBTDQaAGosE7DCiSHt-Q.png" group-title="CANAIS | HBO", HBO 2 HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSldSEU3R5oLB3nC8jDyKIwI
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="hbo.2.br" tvg-name="HBO 2 SD" tvg-logo="https://logospng.org/download/hbo-2/hbo-2-4096.png" group-title="CANAIS | HBO", HBO 2 SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlfP0Ot_V2AKDY2ziHl0vXM
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="hbo.family.br" tvg-name="HBO FAMILY FHD H265" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWXm360tfVL4n72DiGcqnmJjzrcL85X8bywIqqge4pAZ9UzyhhO_6ws11SNEWjnRjqA-H7HPFLucR2410caSr8ZX3tM5W0YHuQGswJ04HOjXkA.png" group-title="CANAIS | HBO", HBO FAMILY FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn3uNVwbUXpMOhGB2UppJ20
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="hbo.family.br" tvg-name="HBO FAMILY HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWXm360tfVL4n72DiGcqnmJjzrcL85X8bywIqqge4pAZ9UzyhhO_6ws11SNEWjnRjqA-H7HPFLucR2410caSr8ZX3tM5W0YHuQGswJ04HOjXkA.png" group-title="CANAIS | HBO", HBO FAMILY HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkMUZ66o09nrAF8tLxBMvhz
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="hbo.family.br" tvg-name="HBO FAMILY SD" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/3/3a/HBO_Family_logo.png/640px-HBO_Family_logo.png" group-title="CANAIS | HBO", HBO FAMILY SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm_NptdA0yWb0Qbj5w-HLQe
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="hbo.br" tvg-name="HBO FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/JCCyANRZsMoq8nmV2gcKqtnI0h28CgmHMqGx69NDvqreyWa2rQLqvMmEZEVOlQo2.png" group-title="CANAIS | HBO", HBO FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk2XjTynAq-gZqBMHPd9Th4
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="hbo.br" tvg-name="HBO FHD H265" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/JCCyANRZsMoq8nmV2gcKqtnI0h28CgmHMqGx69NDvqreyWa2rQLqvMmEZEVOlQo2.png" group-title="CANAIS | HBO", HBO FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlNCY6wx-8gt6cQTL2bDlOe
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="hbo.br" tvg-name="HBO HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/JCCyANRZsMoq8nmV2gcKqtnI0h28CgmHMqGx69NDvqreyWa2rQLqvMmEZEVOlQo2.png" group-title="CANAIS | HBO", HBO HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlMRcVNgde6PCdIyhuV_a8P
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="hbo.mundi.br" tvg-name="HBO MUNDI FHD" tvg-logo="https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/3/3c/HBO_Mundi_%282020%29.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20200508220536" group-title="CANAIS | HBO", HBO MUNDI FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlgfzZkQ0dYqN88OPWyo6GA
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="hbo.mundi.br" tvg-name="HBO MUNDI FHD H265" tvg-logo="https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/3/3c/HBO_Mundi_%282020%29.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20200508220536" group-title="CANAIS | HBO", HBO MUNDI FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkF8kdQAgCtdJ01LYDu1jE6
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="hbo.mundi.br" tvg-name="HBO MUNDI HD" tvg-logo="https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/3/3c/HBO_Mundi_%282020%29.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20200508220536" group-title="CANAIS | HBO", HBO MUNDI HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn9W7lj6kAVyaH8qQyPN8mM
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="hbo.mundi.br" tvg-name="HBO MUNDI SD" tvg-logo="https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/3/3c/HBO_Mundi_%282020%29.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20200508220536" group-title="CANAIS | HBO", HBO MUNDI SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlvwUcikbZxh2yl6AK1GF1N
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="hbo.plus.br" tvg-name="HBO PLUS FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/McwsJcYw_mcQAzCGQe-sfogbNtGKtDelIR62pDcFLGw8QTFycPNqFnf9wIfpvOcdxdaJ97MYFuT-6gpUz5i4ylJ6BVZmOWvORsPWwvsqm0AQfLCqQ65xeTL9FRpybJHRFBe0S471JDL9AyV90mBesFISG4PwGXeNXYV2YcMvpByQjJDxvepDo77mQqrb0B7juy12VEvdfxb5KdHrJCm-UVZvo4OuO2ffsZblX7qJ4BY.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | HBO", HBO PLUS FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnzIs35lkUuiXQM17tf5QOM
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="hbo.plus.br" tvg-name="HBO PLUS FHD H265" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/McwsJcYw_mcQAzCGQe-sfogbNtGKtDelIR62pDcFLGw8QTFycPNqFnf9wIfpvOcdxdaJ97MYFuT-6gpUz5i4ylJ6BVZmOWvORsPWwvsqm0AQfLCqQ65xeTL9FRpybJHRFBe0S471JDL9AyV90mBesFISG4PwGXeNXYV2YcMvpByQjJDxvepDo77mQqrb0B7juy12VEvdfxb5KdHrJCm-UVZvo4OuO2ffsZblX7qJ4BY.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | HBO", HBO PLUS FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnHPo5qmBx-tsoQgFPLiI56
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="hbo.plus.br" tvg-name="HBO PLUS HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/McwsJcYw_mcQAzCGQe-sfogbNtGKtDelIR62pDcFLGw8QTFycPNqFnf9wIfpvOcdxdaJ97MYFuT-6gpUz5i4ylJ6BVZmOWvORsPWwvsqm0AQfLCqQ65xeTL9FRpybJHRFBe0S471JDL9AyV90mBesFISG4PwGXeNXYV2YcMvpByQjJDxvepDo77mQqrb0B7juy12VEvdfxb5KdHrJCm-UVZvo4OuO2ffsZblX7qJ4BY.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | HBO", HBO PLUS HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkXhwvDeeB0VKbmCu1ICfUd
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="hbo.plus.br" tvg-name="HBO PLUS SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/McwsJcYw_mcQAzCGQe-sfogbNtGKtDelIR62pDcFLGw8QTFycPNqFnf9wIfpvOcdxdaJ97MYFuT-6gpUz5i4ylJ6BVZmOWvORsPWwvsqm0AQfLCqQ65xeTL9FRpybJHRFBe0S471JDL9AyV90mBesFISG4PwGXeNXYV2YcMvpByQjJDxvepDo77mQqrb0B7juy12VEvdfxb5KdHrJCm-UVZvo4OuO2ffsZblX7qJ4BY.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | HBO", HBO PLUS SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmn6PAq4-GVMKLATt4zsKph
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="hbo.pop.br" tvg-name="HBO POP FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWXm360tfVL4n72DiGcqnmJjs4uvde2X6F0BV0VJ_cFRl77VLnFg4rMUcJ4NkXpG3zSvqs2TfyEejoB9oHnSsQ2p.png" group-title="CANAIS | HBO", HBO POP FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSksM6xEzMV4JkMECdMKfufM
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="hbo.pop.br" tvg-name="HBO POP FHD H265" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWXm360tfVL4n72DiGcqnmJjs4uvde2X6F0BV0VJ_cFRl77VLnFg4rMUcJ4NkXpG3zSvqs2TfyEejoB9oHnSsQ2p.png" group-title="CANAIS | HBO", HBO POP FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl6xIV2PJxhrAVfnZf0cHPo
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="hbo.pop.br" tvg-name="HBO POP HD" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/1/1b/HBO_Pop.svg/1200px-HBO_Pop.svg.png" group-title="CANAIS | HBO", HBO POP HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlt08TZGRxW7o5gLqZtNR6x
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="hbo.pop.br" tvg-name="HBO POP SD" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/1/1b/HBO_Pop.svg/1200px-HBO_Pop.svg.png" group-title="CANAIS | HBO", HBO POP SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmwG-O__6VZ8b_uC11bZPOF
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="hbo.br" tvg-name="HBO SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/JCCyANRZsMoq8nmV2gcKqtnI0h28CgmHMqGx69NDvqreyWa2rQLqvMmEZEVOlQo2.png" group-title="CANAIS | HBO", HBO SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnjkA9S_uudb-3sqR-IoOAh
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="hbo.signature.br" tvg-name="HBO SIGNATURE FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWXm360tfVL4n72DiGcqnmJjPG_JptM0ETHhNZCL7gfezzImdlVnM_vMQAZVd5RBbX-OtgtAdwMRreITGdZnuzGJZ5HTnfBSwacpTXKNbUaJ2A.png" group-title="CANAIS | HBO", HBO SIGNATURE FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnSIMb-gxD_Vjg1XzDGktg2
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="hbo.signature.br" tvg-name="HBO SIGNATURE FHD H265" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWXm360tfVL4n72DiGcqnmJjPG_JptM0ETHhNZCL7gfezzImdlVnM_vMQAZVd5RBbX-OtgtAdwMRreITGdZnuzGJZ5HTnfBSwacpTXKNbUaJ2A.png" group-title="CANAIS | HBO", HBO SIGNATURE FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnqj3WyE1DSVkwZvKi92wvw
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="hbo.signature.br" tvg-name="HBO SIGNATURE HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWXm360tfVL4n72DiGcqnmJjPG_JptM0ETHhNZCL7gfezzImdlVnM_vMQAZVd5RBbX-OtgtAdwMRreITGdZnuzGJZ5HTnfBSwacpTXKNbUaJ2A.png" group-title="CANAIS | HBO", HBO SIGNATURE HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlwMBDjvoCipaQKLubRyewt
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="hbo.signature.br" tvg-name="HBO SIGNATURE SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWXm360tfVL4n72DiGcqnmJjPG_JptM0ETHhNZCL7gfezzImdlVnM_vMQAZVd5RBbX-OtgtAdwMRreITGdZnuzGJZ5HTnfBSwacpTXKNbUaJ2A.png" group-title="CANAIS | HBO", HBO SIGNATURE SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlRTkexeq4WJm9tY121UU4N
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="hbo.xtreme.br" tvg-name="HBO XTREME FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWXm360tfVL4n72DiGcqnmJjwqjJrGOGcGQByVZHemU7BEPkZ8vOTBUqnanWDP5P7CgCLxoTjQ5mmCi7TrQoGZWd9izbiTCBqLXue3jrEfCNcQ.png" group-title="CANAIS | HBO", HBO XTREME FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkG7ap_R9-0kjfvzTPWpodd
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="hbo.xtreme.br" tvg-name="HBO XTREME FHD H265" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/f/fc/HBO_Xtreme.svg/1200px-HBO_Xtreme.svg.png" group-title="CANAIS | HBO", HBO XTREME FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkgkJNdrSEbSYYvfGCTSRzz
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="hbo.xtreme.br" tvg-name="HBO XTREME HD" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/f/fc/HBO_Xtreme.svg/1200px-HBO_Xtreme.svg.png" group-title="CANAIS | HBO", HBO XTREME HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkPhpARntnrumxcq9iPzM_L
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="hbo.xtreme.br" tvg-name="HBO XTREME SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWXm360tfVL4n72DiGcqnmJjwqjJrGOGcGQByVZHemU7BEPkZ8vOTBUqnanWDP5P7CgCLxoTjQ5mmCi7TrQoGZWd9izbiTCBqLXue3jrEfCNcQ.png" group-title="CANAIS | HBO", HBO XTREME SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmM-4D4-hvZrD2afD20n0XN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="premiere.2.br" tvg-name="PREMIERE 2 FHD" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcRervSmNAwr3SJgIfdqo8Xa6wXr9IAmQpwoQNfP11ub6JeP1ndovXR0QGhIvdPOEZIAcqs&usqp=CAU" group-title="CANAIS | PREMIERE", PREMIERE 2 FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk1WZH5SW_L5X6FvXueHlZu
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="premiere.2.br" tvg-name="PREMIERE 2 FHD H265" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcRervSmNAwr3SJgIfdqo8Xa6wXr9IAmQpwoQNfP11ub6JeP1ndovXR0QGhIvdPOEZIAcqs&usqp=CAU" group-title="CANAIS | PREMIERE", PREMIERE 2 FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnLrbQ4-MtgMtmkoCJ-kJIe
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="premiere.2.br" tvg-name="PREMIERE 2 HD" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcRervSmNAwr3SJgIfdqo8Xa6wXr9IAmQpwoQNfP11ub6JeP1ndovXR0QGhIvdPOEZIAcqs&usqp=CAU" group-title="CANAIS | PREMIERE", PREMIERE 2 HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSknjnNO_e82yDynpf9oBvg1
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="premiere.2.br" tvg-name="PREMIERE 2 SD" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcRervSmNAwr3SJgIfdqo8Xa6wXr9IAmQpwoQNfP11ub6JeP1ndovXR0QGhIvdPOEZIAcqs&usqp=CAU" group-title="CANAIS | PREMIERE", PREMIERE 2 SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkFritM3XuWtBLqrRbWFkZO
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="premiere.3.br" tvg-name="PREMIERE 3 FHD" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcRervSmNAwr3SJgIfdqo8Xa6wXr9IAmQpwoQNfP11ub6JeP1ndovXR0QGhIvdPOEZIAcqs&usqp=CAU" group-title="CANAIS | PREMIERE", PREMIERE 3 FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnbhVE_UJa1E9J6Wnxv5jst
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="premiere.3.br" tvg-name="PREMIERE 3 FHD H265" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcRervSmNAwr3SJgIfdqo8Xa6wXr9IAmQpwoQNfP11ub6JeP1ndovXR0QGhIvdPOEZIAcqs&usqp=CAU" group-title="CANAIS | PREMIERE", PREMIERE 3 FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk-6-SpJZazHtW_5fNsdHD8
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="premiere.3.br" tvg-name="Premiere 3 HD" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcRervSmNAwr3SJgIfdqo8Xa6wXr9IAmQpwoQNfP11ub6JeP1ndovXR0QGhIvdPOEZIAcqs&usqp=CAU" group-title="CANAIS | PREMIERE", Premiere 3 HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnnClpCIAgcbdaJtHY1weSH
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="premiere.3.br" tvg-name="Premiere 3 SD" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcRervSmNAwr3SJgIfdqo8Xa6wXr9IAmQpwoQNfP11ub6JeP1ndovXR0QGhIvdPOEZIAcqs&usqp=CAU" group-title="CANAIS | PREMIERE", Premiere 3 SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnMJOtN81knokiv4qL29M3B
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="premiere.4.br" tvg-name="PREMIERE 4 FHD" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcRervSmNAwr3SJgIfdqo8Xa6wXr9IAmQpwoQNfP11ub6JeP1ndovXR0QGhIvdPOEZIAcqs&usqp=CAU" group-title="CANAIS | PREMIERE", PREMIERE 4 FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlCxzawuIqEHVqf8Fp3P2Wa
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="premiere.4.br" tvg-name="PREMIERE 4 FHD H265" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcRervSmNAwr3SJgIfdqo8Xa6wXr9IAmQpwoQNfP11ub6JeP1ndovXR0QGhIvdPOEZIAcqs&usqp=CAU" group-title="CANAIS | PREMIERE", PREMIERE 4 FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSksf_7zp-d-VvMOdWKLAgSw
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="premiere.4.br" tvg-name="Premiere 4 HD" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcRervSmNAwr3SJgIfdqo8Xa6wXr9IAmQpwoQNfP11ub6JeP1ndovXR0QGhIvdPOEZIAcqs&usqp=CAU" group-title="CANAIS | PREMIERE", Premiere 4 HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnsPQKZjfQbO9VqLkmH7bi_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="premiere.4.br" tvg-name="Premiere 4 SD" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcRervSmNAwr3SJgIfdqo8Xa6wXr9IAmQpwoQNfP11ub6JeP1ndovXR0QGhIvdPOEZIAcqs&usqp=CAU" group-title="CANAIS | PREMIERE", Premiere 4 SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmB_hBkeCkOWq0mblWctcAK
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="premiere.5.br" tvg-name="PREMIERE 5 FHD H265" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcRervSmNAwr3SJgIfdqo8Xa6wXr9IAmQpwoQNfP11ub6JeP1ndovXR0QGhIvdPOEZIAcqs&usqp=CAU" group-title="CANAIS | PREMIERE", PREMIERE 5 FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk7L-4mfBrDgycm9_n1YprD
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="premiere.5.br" tvg-name="Premiere 5 HD" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcRervSmNAwr3SJgIfdqo8Xa6wXr9IAmQpwoQNfP11ub6JeP1ndovXR0QGhIvdPOEZIAcqs&usqp=CAU" group-title="CANAIS | PREMIERE", Premiere 5 HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlUnv_JH_4wJMcyS6V2BW4C
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="premiere.5.br" tvg-name="Premiere 5 SD" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcRervSmNAwr3SJgIfdqo8Xa6wXr9IAmQpwoQNfP11ub6JeP1ndovXR0QGhIvdPOEZIAcqs&usqp=CAU" group-title="CANAIS | PREMIERE", Premiere 5 SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmcdCEcL90Cwcqur5E-F-ki
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="premiere.6.br" tvg-name="PREMIERE 6 FHD" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcRervSmNAwr3SJgIfdqo8Xa6wXr9IAmQpwoQNfP11ub6JeP1ndovXR0QGhIvdPOEZIAcqs&usqp=CAU" group-title="CANAIS | PREMIERE", PREMIERE 6 FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnl8MrY5HoHlVsAn7Vfo1Qi
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="premiere.6.br" tvg-name="PREMIERE 6 FHD H265" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcRervSmNAwr3SJgIfdqo8Xa6wXr9IAmQpwoQNfP11ub6JeP1ndovXR0QGhIvdPOEZIAcqs&usqp=CAU" group-title="CANAIS | PREMIERE", PREMIERE 6 FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlZCb5mG2p9EL9f-SvSDFW2
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Premiere 6 HD" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcRervSmNAwr3SJgIfdqo8Xa6wXr9IAmQpwoQNfP11ub6JeP1ndovXR0QGhIvdPOEZIAcqs&usqp=CAU" group-title="CANAIS | PREMIERE", Premiere 6 HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlF3uXq7eUw2sYUhaOXDgy6
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="premiere.6.br" tvg-name="Premiere 6 SD" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcRervSmNAwr3SJgIfdqo8Xa6wXr9IAmQpwoQNfP11ub6JeP1ndovXR0QGhIvdPOEZIAcqs&usqp=CAU" group-title="CANAIS | PREMIERE", Premiere 6 SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk421MY3VePr01d7bNgydTW
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="premiere.7.br" tvg-name="PREMIERE 7 FHD" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcRervSmNAwr3SJgIfdqo8Xa6wXr9IAmQpwoQNfP11ub6JeP1ndovXR0QGhIvdPOEZIAcqs&usqp=CAU" group-title="CANAIS | PREMIERE", PREMIERE 7 FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl7a_VKYiX_Nl7DxBZcysKL
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="premiere.7.br" tvg-name="PREMIERE 7 FHD H265" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcRervSmNAwr3SJgIfdqo8Xa6wXr9IAmQpwoQNfP11ub6JeP1ndovXR0QGhIvdPOEZIAcqs&usqp=CAU" group-title="CANAIS | PREMIERE", PREMIERE 7 FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnnRnOsJ2g8euNQhlCc87P7
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="premiere.7.br" tvg-name="Premiere 7 HD" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcRervSmNAwr3SJgIfdqo8Xa6wXr9IAmQpwoQNfP11ub6JeP1ndovXR0QGhIvdPOEZIAcqs&usqp=CAU" group-title="CANAIS | PREMIERE", Premiere 7 HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn1WhaNyqD4-S0ItpUqIy_f
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="premiere.7.br" tvg-name="Premiere 7 SD" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcRervSmNAwr3SJgIfdqo8Xa6wXr9IAmQpwoQNfP11ub6JeP1ndovXR0QGhIvdPOEZIAcqs&usqp=CAU" group-title="CANAIS | PREMIERE", Premiere 7 SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl385Ly9HCqiTOdL0TdFptl
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="premiere.clubes.br" tvg-name="Premiere Clubes FHD" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcQCIyyC_ylPRTCr-c2VTv86gLtIbN_toeenmQJ6aXnUMicQ7_ipqc0ZE-0K4drkBQTIuB0&usqp=CAU" group-title="CANAIS | PREMIERE", Premiere Clubes FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlvSZaTlzOTN5Bekt7rp0_e
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="premiere.clubes.br" tvg-name="PREMIERE CLUBES FHD H265" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcQCIyyC_ylPRTCr-c2VTv86gLtIbN_toeenmQJ6aXnUMicQ7_ipqc0ZE-0K4drkBQTIuB0&usqp=CAU" group-title="CANAIS | PREMIERE", PREMIERE CLUBES FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmoleWW338MxwYhs7087MBl
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="premiere.clubes.br" tvg-name="Premiere Clubes HD" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcQCIyyC_ylPRTCr-c2VTv86gLtIbN_toeenmQJ6aXnUMicQ7_ipqc0ZE-0K4drkBQTIuB0&usqp=CAU" group-title="CANAIS | PREMIERE", Premiere Clubes HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlOaa8bxohd9k37ETXKZ_ol
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="premiere.clubes.br" tvg-name="Premiere Clubes SD" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcQCIyyC_ylPRTCr-c2VTv86gLtIbN_toeenmQJ6aXnUMicQ7_ipqc0ZE-0K4drkBQTIuB0&usqp=CAU" group-title="CANAIS | PREMIERE", Premiere Clubes SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmKiZp8tzaFR_SpXx6GDLNj
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="record.bahia.br" tvg-name="RECORD BAHIA HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWVHUt4cl5Y8pV1lLAz_ARJrK4hn7uViKDJNK1rtf0QmgPecarRV4JiSv3OhE3MIRJU.png" group-title="CANAIS | RECORD", RECORD BAHIA HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlOCMYyeZJTG7BhvtSqQ-oO
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="record.belem.br" tvg-name="RECORD BELEM HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWVHUt4cl5Y8pV1lLAz_ARJrK4hn7uViKDJNK1rtf0QmgPecarRV4JiSv3OhE3MIRJU.png" group-title="CANAIS | RECORD", RECORD BELEM HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkyDXQbm03Cmvx5WgxW64TB
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="record.belem.br" tvg-name="RECORD BELEM SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWVHUt4cl5Y8pV1lLAz_ARJrK4hn7uViKDJNK1rtf0QmgPecarRV4JiSv3OhE3MIRJU.png" group-title="CANAIS | RECORD", RECORD BELEM SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlmvxde_dvfWYpUfBsjV6u3
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="record.brasilia.br" tvg-name="RECORD BRASILIA HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWVHUt4cl5Y8pV1lLAz_ARJrK4hn7uViKDJNK1rtf0QmgPecarRV4JiSv3OhE3MIRJU.png" group-title="CANAIS | RECORD", RECORD BRASILIA HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlNRVT72-dGT4qCV5OUSpPa
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="record.brasilia.br" tvg-name="RECORD BRASILIA SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWVHUt4cl5Y8pV1lLAz_ARJrK4hn7uViKDJNK1rtf0QmgPecarRV4JiSv3OhE3MIRJU.png" group-title="CANAIS | RECORD", RECORD BRASILIA SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk3AUDw8zzUlU4ZCn4Gwgge
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="record.campinas.br" tvg-name="RECORD CAMPINAS HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWVHUt4cl5Y8pV1lLAz_ARJrK4hn7uViKDJNK1rtf0QmgPecarRV4JiSv3OhE3MIRJU.png" group-title="CANAIS | RECORD", RECORD CAMPINAS HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk91xAtjYGIS24mriLMI2DV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="record.goias.br" tvg-name="RECORD GOIAS HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWVHUt4cl5Y8pV1lLAz_ARJrK4hn7uViKDJNK1rtf0QmgPecarRV4JiSv3OhE3MIRJU.png" group-title="CANAIS | RECORD", RECORD GOIAS HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm8wOp-s5ThiPwlnfsrwoNm
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="record.goias.br" tvg-name="RECORD GOIAS SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWVHUt4cl5Y8pV1lLAz_ARJrK4hn7uViKDJNK1rtf0QmgPecarRV4JiSv3OhE3MIRJU.png" group-title="CANAIS | RECORD", RECORD GOIAS SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkw1uj6Qz4h34TjSoupRugp
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="record.br" tvg-name="RECORD INTERIOR SP FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWVHUt4cl5Y8pV1lLAz_ARJrK4hn7uViKDJNK1rtf0QmgPecarRV4JiSv3OhE3MIRJU.png" group-title="CANAIS | RECORD", RECORD INTERIOR SP FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnkDWh5-W_tSXb_UEfnt3nh
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="record.br" tvg-name="RECORD INTERIOR SP HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWVHUt4cl5Y8pV1lLAz_ARJrK4hn7uViKDJNK1rtf0QmgPecarRV4JiSv3OhE3MIRJU.png" group-title="CANAIS | RECORD", RECORD INTERIOR SP HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk7HGJ6XtS5xLzmuKykzbKB
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="record.itapoan.br" tvg-name="RECORD ITAPOAN FHD" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/pt/1/10/Logotipo_da_Record.png" group-title="CANAIS | RECORD", RECORD ITAPOAN FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm3yS1roUopvKvIOJtXFEq8
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="record.itapoan.br" tvg-name="RECORD ITAPOAN HD" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/pt/1/10/Logotipo_da_Record.png" group-title="CANAIS | RECORD", RECORD ITAPOAN HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnDyBbM6l0ZpaOGQmtNTPbl
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="record.br" tvg-name="RECORD LITORAL VALE DO PARNAIBA FHD" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/pt/1/10/Logotipo_da_Record.png" group-title="CANAIS | RECORD", RECORD LITORAL VALE DO PARNAIBA FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnmIYha1V4LntG4qaToPlf9
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="record.br" tvg-name="RECORD LITORAL VALE DO PARNAIBA HD" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/pt/1/10/Logotipo_da_Record.png" group-title="CANAIS | RECORD", RECORD LITORAL VALE DO PARNAIBA HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnL1W-vGU3Eoj9pylPCBp5S
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="RECORD MANAUS HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWVHUt4cl5Y8pV1lLAz_ARJrK4hn7uViKDJNK1rtf0QmgPecarRV4JiSv3OhE3MIRJU.png" group-title="CANAIS | RECORD", RECORD MANAUS HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkik1yDZhOP1uChKRbUZkf3
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="record.joao.pessoa.br" tvg-name="RECORD NORDESTE HD" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/pt/1/10/Logotipo_da_Record.png" group-title="CANAIS | RECORD", RECORD NORDESTE HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmpMkzD6C37-a-tunkqB4JG
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="record.br" tvg-name="RECORD PARANAIBA UBERLANDIA FHD" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/pt/1/10/Logotipo_da_Record.png" group-title="CANAIS | RECORD", RECORD PARANAIBA UBERLANDIA FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn0wRF7MLy_xYEw4jte8cTf
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="record.br" tvg-name="RECORD PARANAIBA UBERLANDIA HD" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/pt/1/10/Logotipo_da_Record.png" group-title="CANAIS | RECORD", RECORD PARANAIBA UBERLANDIA HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlALDMJJT95HW56sUmLYqzU
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="RECORD PAULISTA FHD" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/pt/1/10/Logotipo_da_Record.png" group-title="CANAIS | RECORD", RECORD PAULISTA FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmy95IrSMvUkMu1ydImDdEG
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="recordtv.sao.paulo.br" tvg-name="RECORD PAULISTA HD" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/pt/1/10/Logotipo_da_Record.png" group-title="CANAIS | RECORD", RECORD PAULISTA HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnlE_ifs01iTjFiOB4V5TaF
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="record.rio.br" tvg-name="RECORD RIO FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWVHUt4cl5Y8pV1lLAz_ARJrK4hn7uViKDJNK1rtf0QmgPecarRV4JiSv3OhE3MIRJU.png" group-title="CANAIS | RECORD", RECORD RIO FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmcK99MjoKTaVa-ek1fatzT
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="record.rio.br" tvg-name="RECORD RIO HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWVHUt4cl5Y8pV1lLAz_ARJrK4hn7uViKDJNK1rtf0QmgPecarRV4JiSv3OhE3MIRJU.png" group-title="CANAIS | RECORD", RECORD RIO HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmV2DhED0LvkVFcbdEL7tsO
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="record.rio.br" tvg-name="RECORD RIO SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWVHUt4cl5Y8pV1lLAz_ARJrK4hn7uViKDJNK1rtf0QmgPecarRV4JiSv3OhE3MIRJU.png" group-title="CANAIS | RECORD", RECORD RIO SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlCHDYh27OodHecOLMh3UnV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="RECORD RN HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWVHUt4cl5Y8pV1lLAz_ARJrK4hn7uViKDJNK1rtf0QmgPecarRV4JiSv3OhE3MIRJU.png" group-title="CANAIS | RECORD", RECORD RN HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnPZV71V67ut0pIuqWpTrH_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="record.rs.br" tvg-name="RECORD RS HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWVHUt4cl5Y8pV1lLAz_ARJrK4hn7uViKDJNK1rtf0QmgPecarRV4JiSv3OhE3MIRJU.png" group-title="CANAIS | RECORD", RECORD RS HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnJouol0JYp8u1a-HVfb-qI
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="record.rs.br" tvg-name="RECORD RS SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWVHUt4cl5Y8pV1lLAz_ARJrK4hn7uViKDJNK1rtf0QmgPecarRV4JiSv3OhE3MIRJU.png" group-title="CANAIS | RECORD", RECORD RS SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkwAuIeL9dMc8KaZcZOWM3D
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="record.santos.br" tvg-name="RECORD SANTOS HD" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/pt/1/10/Logotipo_da_Record.png" group-title="CANAIS | RECORD", RECORD SANTOS HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnX1Nw_VKQ_wmkjmMzAnHqZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="record.santos.br" tvg-name="RECORD SANTOS SD" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/pt/1/10/Logotipo_da_Record.png" group-title="CANAIS | RECORD", RECORD SANTOS SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkxxKPEuTLnNBP969PofGgR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="record.florianopolis.br" tvg-name="Record SC HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWVHUt4cl5Y8pV1lLAz_ARJrK4hn7uViKDJNK1rtf0QmgPecarRV4JiSv3OhE3MIRJU.png" group-title="CANAIS | RECORD", Record SC HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkPWVEjPGCZDjktjPXln8iF
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tv.rondonia.br" tvg-name="RECORD SIC TV RONDONIA FHD" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/pt/1/10/Logotipo_da_Record.png" group-title="CANAIS | RECORD", RECORD SIC TV RONDONIA FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn9CGY3dEwKR0C-FWKceiKy
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tv.rondonia.br" tvg-name="RECORD SIC TV RONDONIA HD" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/pt/1/10/Logotipo_da_Record.png" group-title="CANAIS | RECORD", RECORD SIC TV RONDONIA HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmPyPOllI-9Sg6MMrqiXHQU
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="record.br" tvg-name="RECORD SJR.PRETO FHD" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/pt/1/10/Logotipo_da_Record.png" group-title="CANAIS | RECORD", RECORD SJR.PRETO FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkp8E1W6A4KVo-ZEPv2cZhE
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="record.br" tvg-name="RECORD SJR.PRETO HD" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/pt/1/10/Logotipo_da_Record.png" group-title="CANAIS | RECORD", RECORD SJR.PRETO HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlnRanXq8o7YF57DELg0lvn
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="record.br" tvg-name="RECORD SP FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWVHUt4cl5Y8pV1lLAz_ARJrK4hn7uViKDJNK1rtf0QmgPecarRV4JiSv3OhE3MIRJU.png" group-title="CANAIS | RECORD", RECORD SP FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnO0QsUIsu9qdTOI4-2kHuX
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="record.br" tvg-name="RECORD SP FHD H265" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWVHUt4cl5Y8pV1lLAz_ARJrK4hn7uViKDJNK1rtf0QmgPecarRV4JiSv3OhE3MIRJU.png" group-title="CANAIS | RECORD", RECORD SP FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmmjB5yGNIjXQ8sXnHkliyn
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="record.br" tvg-name="RECORD SP HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWVHUt4cl5Y8pV1lLAz_ARJrK4hn7uViKDJNK1rtf0QmgPecarRV4JiSv3OhE3MIRJU.png" group-title="CANAIS | RECORD", RECORD SP HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkOSiukYzpq0NnkzWP1XRDk
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="record.br" tvg-name="RECORD SP SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWVHUt4cl5Y8pV1lLAz_ARJrK4hn7uViKDJNK1rtf0QmgPecarRV4JiSv3OhE3MIRJU.png" group-title="CANAIS | RECORD", RECORD SP SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn6od3pus2jEZHOaAmV2eJp
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="record.cabralia.br" tvg-name="RECORD TV CABRALIA HD" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/pt/1/10/Logotipo_da_Record.png" group-title="CANAIS | RECORD", RECORD TV CABRALIA HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSldzfth7TKdyXq2atsjyx4e
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="record.minas.br" tvg-name="RECORD TV MINAS HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWVHUt4cl5Y8pV1lLAz_ARJrK4hn7uViKDJNK1rtf0QmgPecarRV4JiSv3OhE3MIRJU.png" group-title="CANAIS | RECORD", RECORD TV MINAS HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnK-NxFkFMZSDppNMMtxfei
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="record.minas.br" tvg-name="RECORD TV MINAS SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWVHUt4cl5Y8pV1lLAz_ARJrK4hn7uViKDJNK1rtf0QmgPecarRV4JiSv3OhE3MIRJU.png" group-title="CANAIS | RECORD", RECORD TV MINAS SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkK0vpyywiTsWjBZ_Z33axo
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tv.pajucara.br" tvg-name="RECORD TV PAJUÇARA HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWVHUt4cl5Y8pV1lLAz_ARJrK4hn7uViKDJNK1rtf0QmgPecarRV4JiSv3OhE3MIRJU.png" group-title="CANAIS | RECORD", RECORD TV PAJUÇARA HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkWrUPZquqFBLJgNE5rGeku
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="record.br" tvg-name="RECORD VILA REAL FHD" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/pt/1/10/Logotipo_da_Record.png" group-title="CANAIS | RECORD", RECORD VILA REAL FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk2Kt--4F8MoZDz8u2mGoKA
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="record.br" tvg-name="RECORD VILA REAL HD" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/pt/1/10/Logotipo_da_Record.png" group-title="CANAIS | RECORD", RECORD VILA REAL HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk6OtcjIKgNcUta4-LaMfzt
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="ric.curitiba.br" tvg-name="RIC TV MARINGA FHD" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/pt/1/10/Logotipo_da_Record.png" group-title="CANAIS | RECORD", RIC TV MARINGA FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlfRt0lws6iM-xqGGIR3IWo
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tv.correio.br" tvg-name="TV CORREIO RECORD TV FHD" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/pt/1/10/Logotipo_da_Record.png" group-title="CANAIS | RECORD", TV CORREIO RECORD TV FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlD0UY2CmgngjrWy7A9vo4R
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="record.campinas.br" tvg-name="TV THATHI HD" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/pt/1/10/Logotipo_da_Record.png" group-title="CANAIS | RECORD", TV THATHI HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm1erpokh8o4Ytt-1LfXZXd
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="sbt.brasilia.br" tvg-name="SBT BRASILIA SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/hAs5mWxXqjzNWncsWJ7o_mDaasEwLngKdLw4LOpVe_R3OD9gBrMez-SD__AC0f7MFTNPr0-MCRJIAFO4KGpabx-iCEf7ExBixBRdQkeKgu2OUrb8n2NYcd40ltJOPx77.png" group-title="CANAIS | SBT", SBT BRASILIA SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlXLpLmfelNvBSd21hqr5nv
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="sbt.br" tvg-name="SBT INTERIOR HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/hAs5mWxXqjzNWncsWJ7o_mDaasEwLngKdLw4LOpVe_R3OD9gBrMez-SD__AC0f7MFTNPr0-MCRJIAFO4KGpabx-iCEf7ExBixBRdQkeKgu2OUrb8n2NYcd40ltJOPx77.png" group-title="CANAIS | SBT", SBT INTERIOR HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk-1UjvgQZuOSR6WX5tl3mS
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="sbt.br" tvg-name="SBT ITAPOAN FHD" tvg-logo="https://www.imagensempng.com.br/wp-content/uploads/2020/12/Logo-SBT-Png-768x768.png" group-title="CANAIS | SBT", SBT ITAPOAN FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSla97yrR75GiKAzYtCFgZeb
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="sbt.br" tvg-name="SBT ITAPOAN HD" tvg-logo="https://www.imagensempng.com.br/wp-content/uploads/2020/12/Logo-SBT-Png-768x768.png" group-title="CANAIS | SBT", SBT ITAPOAN HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlIEDUvgHk7fkAjsyBcK5GW
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="SBT PIAUI HD" tvg-logo="https://www.imagensempng.com.br/wp-content/uploads/2020/12/Logo-SBT-Png-768x768.png" group-title="CANAIS | SBT", SBT PIAUI HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlkIwa7NKb5WNUL3YOp7Z0E
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="rbs.porto.alegre.br" tvg-name="SBT RBS FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/hAs5mWxXqjzNWncsWJ7o_mDaasEwLngKdLw4LOpVe_R3OD9gBrMez-SD__AC0f7MFTNPr0-MCRJIAFO4KGpabx-iCEf7ExBixBRdQkeKgu2OUrb8n2NYcd40ltJOPx77.png" group-title="CANAIS | SBT", SBT RBS FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkR-fQFuWgsreKHazoaYE4S
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tv.jornal.br" tvg-name="SBT RECIFE TV JORNAL FHD" tvg-logo="https://www.imagensempng.com.br/wp-content/uploads/2020/12/Logo-SBT-Png-768x768.png" group-title="CANAIS | SBT", SBT RECIFE TV JORNAL FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn9O3M6_SKrsFzcZ1buvawG
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="rede.massa.br" tvg-name="SBT REDE MASSA HD" tvg-logo="https://www.imagensempng.com.br/wp-content/uploads/2020/12/Logo-SBT-Png-768x768.png" group-title="CANAIS | SBT", SBT REDE MASSA HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkvgBLvyYM4kd5wU2mfQRWD
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="sbt.rio.br" tvg-name="SBT RIO FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/hAs5mWxXqjzNWncsWJ7o_mDaasEwLngKdLw4LOpVe_R3OD9gBrMez-SD__AC0f7MFTNPr0-MCRJIAFO4KGpabx-iCEf7ExBixBRdQkeKgu2OUrb8n2NYcd40ltJOPx77.png" group-title="CANAIS | SBT", SBT RIO FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlrygYejgqLF9oMHv0kaSWn
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="sbt.rio.br" tvg-name="SBT RIO HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/hAs5mWxXqjzNWncsWJ7o_mDaasEwLngKdLw4LOpVe_R3OD9gBrMez-SD__AC0f7MFTNPr0-MCRJIAFO4KGpabx-iCEf7ExBixBRdQkeKgu2OUrb8n2NYcd40ltJOPx77.png" group-title="CANAIS | SBT", SBT RIO HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmAEoYpFa1jWvUlrDoFu2VE
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="sbt.natal.br" tvg-name="SBT RN HD" tvg-logo="https://www.imagensempng.com.br/wp-content/uploads/2020/12/Logo-SBT-Png-768x768.png" group-title="CANAIS | SBT", SBT RN HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSml-esSGXjrYwWQqP6ejtjy
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="SBT RN HD" tvg-logo="https://www.imagensempng.com.br/wp-content/uploads/2020/12/Logo-SBT-Png-768x768.png" group-title="CANAIS | SBT", SBT RN HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkL43xT_npIGwNb063rkpb1
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="sbt.sao.paulo.br" tvg-name="SBT SANTOS HD" tvg-logo="https://www.imagensempng.com.br/wp-content/uploads/2020/12/Logo-SBT-Png-768x768.png" group-title="CANAIS | SBT", SBT SANTOS HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm4tbo-4OIqmkvwvvH8rqKV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="sbt.sao.paulo.br" tvg-name="SBT SANTOS SD" tvg-logo="https://www.imagensempng.com.br/wp-content/uploads/2020/12/Logo-SBT-Png-768x768.png" group-title="CANAIS | SBT", SBT SANTOS SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkV9hEU63_xS6hsXL5UYuXg
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="sbt.florianopolis.br" tvg-name="SBT SCC SD" tvg-logo="https://www.imagensempng.com.br/wp-content/uploads/2020/12/Logo-SBT-Png-768x768.png" group-title="CANAIS | SBT", SBT SCC SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkIPmEk2Ru23iERlGjmVEqT
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="sbt.br" tvg-name="SBT SP FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/hAs5mWxXqjzNWncsWJ7o_mDaasEwLngKdLw4LOpVe_R3OD9gBrMez-SD__AC0f7MFTNPr0-MCRJIAFO4KGpabx-iCEf7ExBixBRdQkeKgu2OUrb8n2NYcd40ltJOPx77.png" group-title="CANAIS | SBT", SBT SP FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkNcof1vWbCozSN6xofVG3s
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="sbt.br" tvg-name="SBT SP FHD H265" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/hAs5mWxXqjzNWncsWJ7o_mDaasEwLngKdLw4LOpVe_R3OD9gBrMez-SD__AC0f7MFTNPr0-MCRJIAFO4KGpabx-iCEf7ExBixBRdQkeKgu2OUrb8n2NYcd40ltJOPx77.png" group-title="CANAIS | SBT", SBT SP FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn-p5WfQen4Zo7HVpLXzcu8
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="sbt.br" tvg-name="SBT SP HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/hAs5mWxXqjzNWncsWJ7o_mDaasEwLngKdLw4LOpVe_R3OD9gBrMez-SD__AC0f7MFTNPr0-MCRJIAFO4KGpabx-iCEf7ExBixBRdQkeKgu2OUrb8n2NYcd40ltJOPx77.png" group-title="CANAIS | SBT", SBT SP HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnwFBWIgnoIUXHP4zuj3SiS
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="SBT SP SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/hAs5mWxXqjzNWncsWJ7o_mDaasEwLngKdLw4LOpVe_R3OD9gBrMez-SD__AC0f7MFTNPr0-MCRJIAFO4KGpabx-iCEf7ExBixBRdQkeKgu2OUrb8n2NYcd40ltJOPx77.png" group-title="CANAIS | SBT", SBT SP SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnrD45iH-UwjTeazTF7T-BN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tv.alterosa.br" tvg-name="SBT TV ALTEROSA FHD" tvg-logo="https://www.imagensempng.com.br/wp-content/uploads/2020/12/Logo-SBT-Png-768x768.png" group-title="CANAIS | SBT", SBT TV ALTEROSA FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkBs3TTTB07hY5amI6Sa9Gz
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tv.alterosa.br" tvg-name="SBT TV ALTEROSA HD" tvg-logo="https://www.imagensempng.com.br/wp-content/uploads/2020/12/Logo-SBT-Png-768x768.png" group-title="CANAIS | SBT", SBT TV ALTEROSA HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnuMDP7_jZg15RtxlG_V3DY
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tv.cidade.verde.br" tvg-name="SBT TV CIDADE VERDE FHD" tvg-logo="https://www.imagensempng.com.br/wp-content/uploads/2020/12/Logo-SBT-Png-768x768.png" group-title="CANAIS | SBT", SBT TV CIDADE VERDE FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmOOhCB1ckBZb093JkhG7jM
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="SBT TV DIFUSORA CAXIAS SD" tvg-logo="https://www.imagensempng.com.br/wp-content/uploads/2020/12/Logo-SBT-Png-768x768.png" group-title="CANAIS | SBT", SBT TV DIFUSORA CAXIAS SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSme1qtD58l1Jo2bafaLMG6E
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tv.jangadeiro.br" tvg-name="SBT TV JANGADEIRO CEARÁ FHD" tvg-logo="https://www.imagensempng.com.br/wp-content/uploads/2020/12/Logo-SBT-Png-768x768.png" group-title="CANAIS | SBT", SBT TV JANGADEIRO CEARÁ FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnwQf7QYwjfrpFWFh3uAo8r
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="SBT TV TAMBAU PARAIBA HD" tvg-logo="https://www.imagensempng.com.br/wp-content/uploads/2020/12/Logo-SBT-Png-768x768.png" group-title="CANAIS | SBT", SBT TV TAMBAU PARAIBA HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk3fvKkNEmYfcssKmGi8uPy
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="vtv.br" tvg-name="SBT VTV CAMPINAS HD" tvg-logo="https://www.imagensempng.com.br/wp-content/uploads/2020/12/Logo-SBT-Png-768x768.png" group-title="CANAIS | SBT", SBT VTV CAMPINAS HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm4on5n8JUqVe9Qe_oA4acN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="tv.serra.dourada.br" tvg-name="TV SERRA DOURADA HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/hAs5mWxXqjzNWncsWJ7o_mDaasEwLngKdLw4LOpVe_R3OD9gBrMez-SD__AC0f7MFTNPr0-MCRJIAFO4KGpabx-iCEf7ExBixBRdQkeKgu2OUrb8n2NYcd40ltJOPx77.png" group-title="CANAIS | SBT", TV SERRA DOURADA HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnf0RfzDdLMq5PUaQNVX7N8
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="telecine.action.br" tvg-name="TELECINE ACTION FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/RM83hBO-to7fqhkDkh3MbfHl1tZTsWNi6zz5EkdtGMH5ddycbkKsZoL8vrwsyd_uqXiukJW7zuJo19nko28hiyVv5rV1sEOAyfK41FHw-ABzvsjnwzeJadypwyT7eJqMACBlODr8PxfdbSsU-qfMlbF6Cc6Dd7tADhSD-YV50_HyfVl9Dsj8qMUOekxbgsi3.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | TELECINE", TELECINE ACTION FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnGY8r0HaGv2nurFiRrv3nq
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="telecine.action.br" tvg-name="TELECINE ACTION FHD H265" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/RM83hBO-to7fqhkDkh3MbfHl1tZTsWNi6zz5EkdtGMH5ddycbkKsZoL8vrwsyd_uqXiukJW7zuJo19nko28hiyVv5rV1sEOAyfK41FHw-ABzvsjnwzeJadypwyT7eJqMACBlODr8PxfdbSsU-qfMlbF6Cc6Dd7tADhSD-YV50_HyfVl9Dsj8qMUOekxbgsi3.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | TELECINE", TELECINE ACTION FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkxc6rFSP_QDaTOmPG6Wuhg
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="telecine.action.br" tvg-name="TELECINE ACTION HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/RM83hBO-to7fqhkDkh3MbfHl1tZTsWNi6zz5EkdtGMH5ddycbkKsZoL8vrwsyd_uqXiukJW7zuJo19nko28hiyVv5rV1sEOAyfK41FHw-ABzvsjnwzeJadypwyT7eJqMACBlODr8PxfdbSsU-qfMlbF6Cc6Dd7tADhSD-YV50_HyfVl9Dsj8qMUOekxbgsi3.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | TELECINE", TELECINE ACTION HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSms0RiHPI5RzqILFqay_pCg
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="telecine.action.br" tvg-name="TELECINE ACTION SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/RM83hBO-to7fqhkDkh3MbfHl1tZTsWNi6zz5EkdtGMH5ddycbkKsZoL8vrwsyd_uqXiukJW7zuJo19nko28hiyVv5rV1sEOAyfK41FHw-ABzvsjnwzeJadypwyT7eJqMACBlODr8PxfdbSsU-qfMlbF6Cc6Dd7tADhSD-YV50_HyfVl9Dsj8qMUOekxbgsi3.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | TELECINE", TELECINE ACTION SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSngfj6cdBztrAqsCswQgChC
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="telecine.cult.br" tvg-name="TELECINE CULT FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Om6hjLsYDPG-1L_qMe6thnjY_15oqQ-fp577XtzcBqCwBAO5RMdkkI-I2Rzf2w0Nr0kzycv6KVwCea-ADspQiw.png" group-title="CANAIS | TELECINE", TELECINE CULT FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl_MEzUsq1EebxKKdCxBwBw
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="telecine.cult.br" tvg-name="TELECINE CULT FHD H265" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Om6hjLsYDPG-1L_qMe6thnjY_15oqQ-fp577XtzcBqCwBAO5RMdkkI-I2Rzf2w0Nr0kzycv6KVwCea-ADspQiw.png" group-title="CANAIS | TELECINE", TELECINE CULT FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmfNocp5mGuJ9D2xeTAR9Iv
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="telecine.cult.br" tvg-name="TELECINE CULT HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Om6hjLsYDPG-1L_qMe6thnjY_15oqQ-fp577XtzcBqCwBAO5RMdkkI-I2Rzf2w0Nr0kzycv6KVwCea-ADspQiw.png" group-title="CANAIS | TELECINE", TELECINE CULT HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnIXu2z7VqqqQPL68wJ_f9f
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="telecine.cult.br" tvg-name="TELECINE CULT SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Om6hjLsYDPG-1L_qMe6thnjY_15oqQ-fp577XtzcBqCwBAO5RMdkkI-I2Rzf2w0Nr0kzycv6KVwCea-ADspQiw.png" group-title="CANAIS | TELECINE", TELECINE CULT SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnV6fndwygfOBvND06CgH6u
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="telecine.fun.br" tvg-name="TELECINE FUN FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Om6hjLsYDPG-1L_qMe6thnjY_15oqQ-fp577XtzcBqCwBAO5RMdkkI-I2Rzf2w0Nc9zLM-Iz_2WH44vNNhQ_VA.png" group-title="CANAIS | TELECINE", TELECINE FUN FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmSjYsuPKE9PDMHM1sR67zu
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="telecine.fun.br" tvg-name="TELECINE FUN FHD H265" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Om6hjLsYDPG-1L_qMe6thnjY_15oqQ-fp577XtzcBqCwBAO5RMdkkI-I2Rzf2w0Nc9zLM-Iz_2WH44vNNhQ_VA.png" group-title="CANAIS | TELECINE", TELECINE FUN FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk2pw_ndUvwn6P4uJN2c0jE
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="telecine.fun.br" tvg-name="TELECINE FUN HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Om6hjLsYDPG-1L_qMe6thnjY_15oqQ-fp577XtzcBqCwBAO5RMdkkI-I2Rzf2w0Nc9zLM-Iz_2WH44vNNhQ_VA.png" group-title="CANAIS | TELECINE", TELECINE FUN HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlSTWLq5t_k7VkH3QOzpyFc
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="telecine.fun.br" tvg-name="TELECINE FUN SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Om6hjLsYDPG-1L_qMe6thnjY_15oqQ-fp577XtzcBqCwBAO5RMdkkI-I2Rzf2w0Nc9zLM-Iz_2WH44vNNhQ_VA.png" group-title="CANAIS | TELECINE", TELECINE FUN SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn1lbcce9YcvbpxVEVkZFmr
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="telecine.pipoca.br" tvg-name="TELECINE PIPOCA FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Om6hjLsYDPG-1L_qMe6thnjY_15oqQ-fp577XtzcBqCwBAO5RMdkkI-I2Rzf2w0NO1CaMTrWjXXgrPveixvi2w.png" group-title="CANAIS | TELECINE", TELECINE PIPOCA FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlk-xIK7OlQZZR_ZYMP5l5M
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="telecine.pipoca.br" tvg-name="TELECINE PIPOCA FHD H265" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Om6hjLsYDPG-1L_qMe6thnjY_15oqQ-fp577XtzcBqCwBAO5RMdkkI-I2Rzf2w0NO1CaMTrWjXXgrPveixvi2w.png" group-title="CANAIS | TELECINE", TELECINE PIPOCA FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlzt8LgmSUgdCEPV-o6lvmT
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="telecine.pipoca.br" tvg-name="TELECINE PIPOCA HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Om6hjLsYDPG-1L_qMe6thnjY_15oqQ-fp577XtzcBqCwBAO5RMdkkI-I2Rzf2w0NO1CaMTrWjXXgrPveixvi2w.png" group-title="CANAIS | TELECINE", TELECINE PIPOCA HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkfjZtr4geZXTl_BaXcONtY
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="telecine.pipoca.br" tvg-name="TELECINE PIPOCA SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Om6hjLsYDPG-1L_qMe6thnjY_15oqQ-fp577XtzcBqCwBAO5RMdkkI-I2Rzf2w0NO1CaMTrWjXXgrPveixvi2w.png" group-title="CANAIS | TELECINE", TELECINE PIPOCA SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkgr7EW8Idj8ZV_x_rxTnnr
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="telecine.premium.br" tvg-name="TELECINE PREMIUM FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Om6hjLsYDPG-1L_qMe6thnjY_15oqQ-fp577XtzcBqCwBAO5RMdkkI-I2Rzf2w0NdlSOjpcgFrV4bGFdxowGXQ.png" group-title="CANAIS | TELECINE", TELECINE PREMIUM FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnkMliZsLLTjgyyeJXNR4qC
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="telecine.premium.br" tvg-name="TELECINE PREMIUM FHD H265" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Om6hjLsYDPG-1L_qMe6thnjY_15oqQ-fp577XtzcBqCwBAO5RMdkkI-I2Rzf2w0NdlSOjpcgFrV4bGFdxowGXQ.png" group-title="CANAIS | TELECINE", TELECINE PREMIUM FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkcR7pw2HkdOXkmW-xOotlA
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="telecine.premium.br" tvg-name="TELECINE PREMIUM HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Om6hjLsYDPG-1L_qMe6thnjY_15oqQ-fp577XtzcBqCwBAO5RMdkkI-I2Rzf2w0NdlSOjpcgFrV4bGFdxowGXQ.png" group-title="CANAIS | TELECINE", TELECINE PREMIUM HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkhHtJAi8fEtq0lE8hqu3H_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="telecine.premium.br" tvg-name="TELECINE PREMIUM SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Om6hjLsYDPG-1L_qMe6thnjY_15oqQ-fp577XtzcBqCwBAO5RMdkkI-I2Rzf2w0NdlSOjpcgFrV4bGFdxowGXQ.png" group-title="CANAIS | TELECINE", TELECINE PREMIUM SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSksZawWZ_flD4yk5H2qmpOD
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="telecine.touch.br" tvg-name="TELECINE TOUCH FHD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Om6hjLsYDPG-1L_qMe6thnjY_15oqQ-fp577XtzcBqCwBAO5RMdkkI-I2Rzf2w0Nb7lx7ofAVQiyUqU56IgHnQ.png" group-title="CANAIS | TELECINE", TELECINE TOUCH FHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlynImDJz_AsjSyvitw7CiA
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="telecine.touch.br" tvg-name="TELECINE TOUCH FHD H265" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Om6hjLsYDPG-1L_qMe6thnjY_15oqQ-fp577XtzcBqCwBAO5RMdkkI-I2Rzf2w0Nb7lx7ofAVQiyUqU56IgHnQ.png" group-title="CANAIS | TELECINE", TELECINE TOUCH FHD H265
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn5lbTqTmHuoJdUY76n8HCW
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="telecine.touch.br" tvg-name="TELECINE TOUCH HD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Om6hjLsYDPG-1L_qMe6thnjY_15oqQ-fp577XtzcBqCwBAO5RMdkkI-I2Rzf2w0Nb7lx7ofAVQiyUqU56IgHnQ.png" group-title="CANAIS | TELECINE", TELECINE TOUCH HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkKd2MlWBLucU8HN5uO5FC1
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="telecine.touch.br" tvg-name="TELECINE TOUCH SD" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Om6hjLsYDPG-1L_qMe6thnjY_15oqQ-fp577XtzcBqCwBAO5RMdkkI-I2Rzf2w0Nb7lx7ofAVQiyUqU56IgHnQ.png" group-title="CANAIS | TELECINE", TELECINE TOUCH SD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlQTvl6cwOBdBPs3Va-u_Jd
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-101 DALMATAS" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-101 DALMATAS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkecCPvu_d3IFoii_Mngfr2
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-5 ALGUMA COISA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-5 ALGUMA COISA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm6x-5PUFMSHhD2O_gHoPTg
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-A BRUXINHA SABRINA TEMPORADA 1" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-A BRUXINHA SABRINA TEMPORADA 1
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkpy7_y5ZyZcNRCh2L_hX1K
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-A CASA DA RAVEN" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-A CASA DA RAVEN
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlgzPDvZuSnRzLB1VpjtNTl
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-A CASA DO MICKEY MOUSE" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-A CASA DO MICKEY MOUSE
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmT-NtKCJjnAuxxEzVNEjQE
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-A CEGONHA DA PERNA FINA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-A CEGONHA DA PERNA FINA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmuInlueBm8VSQpx_SgXYeM
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-A COBRINHA AZUL" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-A COBRINHA AZUL
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmCw2lOjnXQJAmJIogJyf_u
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-A COISA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-A COISA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnQ8A4pYyNci8HuTxmVlfaX
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-A CORRIDA ESPECIAL DO ZE COLMEIA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-A CORRIDA ESPECIAL DO ZE COLMEIA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkUUxPwPYw0nIDvNCluvGgS
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-A FAMILIA ADDAMS" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-A FAMILIA ADDAMS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSng3zlyqRO7gNGKWL05P3Wc
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-A FAMILIA DRACULA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-A FAMILIA DRACULA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk8s3782B5_nfYKPoz15Jia
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-A FEITICEIRA FACEIRA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-A FEITICEIRA FACEIRA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmau7NQw94L3J1Vo8U41pe4
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-A FORMIGA ATOMICA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-A FORMIGA ATOMICA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn4pTf1fY7zfcnLfndkQJXF
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-A FORMIGA E O TAMANDUA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-A FORMIGA E O TAMANDUA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlFUC4uP_5IDrx1M-8efwBB
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-A GUARDA DO LEAO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-A GUARDA DO LEAO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkTe2mgRD5BrGXx1bSi89pa
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-A MANSAO FOSTER PARA AMIGOS IMAGINARIOS" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-A MANSAO FOSTER PARA AMIGOS IMAGINARIOS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlAYwEkuFhaMfH0JYMIiTS4
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-A MUMIA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-A MUMIA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmob3G8976HbTh9lAp29it7
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-A NOVA ESCOLA DO IMPERADOR" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-A NOVA ESCOLA DO IMPERADOR
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlunSN0F7QG3ATqvX_yI2uO
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-A PEQUENA SEREIA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-A PEQUENA SEREIA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmspIq00NcUtaTZl0WFvEAx
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-A TURMA  DO ARCHIE" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-A TURMA  DO ARCHIE
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnHXylnsPh5UBun2o1VUubd
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-A TURMA DO ABOBRINHA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-A TURMA DO ABOBRINHA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk-dc_0WVcN3Ma4oFVoDHPk
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-A TURMA DO CHARLIE BROWN E SNOOPY" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-A TURMA DO CHARLIE BROWN E SNOOPY
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnk6g77HVcnxJrSReNFHKLr
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-A TURMA DO PATETA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-A TURMA DO PATETA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnxX-9yZI70oRGvrxEYdLBj
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-A VACA E O FRANGO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-A VACA E O FRANGO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlsLAzkSImxkLNGnyewga0H
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-A VIDA E AS AVENTURAS DE JUNIPER" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-A VIDA E AS AVENTURAS DE JUNIPER
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkoZmDBmG9vZXdqH0lNq-3U
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-A VIDA MODERNA DE ROCKO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-A VIDA MODERNA DE ROCKO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSndut4SBagid2p6jdXnErGx
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-ACAMPAMENTO DO LAZLO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-ACAMPAMENTO DO LAZLO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmsdYLyJfhpgOFINUD-NkeE
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-ACAMPAMENTO LAKEBOTTOM" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-ACAMPAMENTO LAKEBOTTOM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmPqJi356bzyfwZFc_R85ti
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-AEON FLUX" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-AEON FLUX
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn26DFLAw7HeL1uWzoXqFAB
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-ALADDIN" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-ALADDIN
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnTUapC8d2cTolmkFY0evgM
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-ALF O ETEIMOSO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-ALF O ETEIMOSO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk0UFzAZYcRsix4IC0rjA2b
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-ANDY PANDA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-ANDY PANDA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnKoyXlrylxHv_qB5hJRNKx
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-ANIMANIACS" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-ANIMANIACS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSksErSGlaDtUiatT65nWpnB
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-ANTIGO TESTAMENTO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-ANTIGO TESTAMENTO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkqqGpZNQBT2oZfXkWQ3Cr5
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-AS AVENTURAS DE  TINTIN" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-AS AVENTURAS DE  TINTIN
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl8mTTo3WnJBORQwmE0T4gY
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-AS AVENTURAS DE BOB ESPONJA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-AS AVENTURAS DE BOB ESPONJA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmmtrs4wipZVKAeP9wSgKV4
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-AS AVENTURAS DE JACKIE CHAN" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-AS AVENTURAS DE JACKIE CHAN
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlkjFGU1cM3Geks9gGltb9L
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-AS AVENTURAS DE SONIC" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-AS AVENTURAS DE SONIC
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl5Dxh6w9qcYzewjwzGdzOx
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-AS AVENTURAS DO URSINHO PUFF" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-AS AVENTURAS DO URSINHO PUFF
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSllmiN5e6VmTr8Vpt4A-0B4
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-AS MENINAS SUPER PODEROSAS" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-AS MENINAS SUPER PODEROSAS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnSCkfzYsj6-rMXJyTOtEXz
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-AS TARTARUGAS NINJAS" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-AS TARTARUGAS NINJAS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkTXoWS1qYSrLfBMRMqjToO
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-AS TERRIVEIS AVENTURAS DE BILLY E MANDY 24H" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-AS TERRIVEIS AVENTURAS DE BILLY E MANDY 24H
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl_gqbdpX0RAoN4nOoiL1wo
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-AS TRAPALHADAS DE FLAPJACK" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-AS TRAPALHADAS DE FLAPJACK
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmdPmbzBqLDZ4or0HxxMAiw
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-AS TRIGEMEAS" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-AS TRIGEMEAS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm4ET6QKpWywJaRZO-ylo8X
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-AS VISOES DE RAVEN" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-AS VISOES DE RAVEN
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn1BBQ3XhFFVXCXS1qoenul
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-AVATAR" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-AVATAR
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmtyUqVaBu2cN0dzM_r9rqR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-BABY LOONEY TUNES" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-BABY LOONEY TUNES
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSltiN2wVonmDG-Aitx9_i1c
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-BACKYARDIGANS" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-BACKYARDIGANS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl9EFAvEstEJNobUay___KV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-BAKUGAN BATTLE BRAWLERS" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-BAKUGAN BATTLE BRAWLERS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnWE9DmHmtbY1zw6e4_R3lv
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-BANAAS DE PIJAMA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-BANAAS DE PIJAMA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkDCldtn4pG4EiidK1eDhTo
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-BARNEY E SEUS AMIGOS" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-BARNEY E SEUS AMIGOS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlXhXNNA7bNBPVsReucM8VU
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-BATES MOTEL S01" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-BATES MOTEL S01
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkqNqrcZguL26-W9bQ8TAF5
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-BATES MOTEL S02" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-BATES MOTEL S02
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnw6GAFZCAgS-8LBS6vJhuL
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-BATES MOTEL S03" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-BATES MOTEL S03
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkknUY_xNqahUucXyF1uH8x
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-BATES MOTEL S04" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-BATES MOTEL S04
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkV_3lA7MoVPLdRTLyIi6mt
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-BATES MOTEL S05" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-BATES MOTEL S05
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSksbCPS15kv50U5MIpr1ppQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-BATFNK" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-BATFNK
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn6lrLAxXAX-8a6iVHCqk_2
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-BATMAN" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-BATMAN
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnBWYTeLLi693nDUCBfsQJu
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-BATTLE FORCE  5" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-BATTLE FORCE  5
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnnUpJ4NC9WlAAI-nH7oo8k
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-BEAVIS A BUTT HEAD" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-BEAVIS A BUTT HEAD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkZWflpqG0qTtex3BbtOsjB
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-BEN 10 OMNIVERSE S01" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-BEN 10 OMNIVERSE S01
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm3ZuPmkXAc9B_vGydnbHnJ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-BEN 10 OMNIVERSE S02" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-BEN 10 OMNIVERSE S02
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk_0qoPQ3TebeaWT2Z2SdKJ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-BEN 10 OMNIVERSE S03" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-BEN 10 OMNIVERSE S03
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnWfUFcl-CEW3qHUZslb2h-
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-BEN 10 OMNIVERSE S04" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-BEN 10 OMNIVERSE S04
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkEDhAoPhwUp0ONSLSYgN30
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-BETTY ATOMICA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-BETTY ATOMICA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlp5xIrgmWxXrDyrz1Os_En
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-BIBO PAI E  BOB FILHO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-BIBO PAI E  BOB FILHO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmXKjjw_U7KkHS1Chzj9dJ6
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-BICUDO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-BICUDO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmCzfZCUViEvmFXxvjkkGRK
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-BLAYBLADE S01" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-BLAYBLADE S01
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnqmxrBwmgz4wfUW5HKfD0v
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-BLAYBLADE S02" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-BLAYBLADE S02
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnmpdgepb5E25xF42K2NA39
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-BLAYBLADE S03" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-BLAYBLADE S03
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl8LVq0P4hL802zPV_hsS16
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-BLAYBLADE S04" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-BLAYBLADE S04
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlYDx9xJ21TwOpJxzXnO6Ta
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-BOB ESPONJA S01" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-BOB ESPONJA S01
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn_uvr_tV1lcwDqM3mrJMI9
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-BOB ESPONJA S02" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-BOB ESPONJA S02
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkwtRDfO_Ka-maxxa3sbTa9
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-BOB ESPONJA S03" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-BOB ESPONJA S03
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlPeuTJPeUoPGyOUFPRE1C9
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-BOB ESPONJA S04" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-BOB ESPONJA S04
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkuz6VwgmwM33lP4NlDlQ02
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-BOB ESPONJA S05" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-BOB ESPONJA S05
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnyrLQ1vyk0IqJsTXJig3Xj
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-BOB ESPONJA S06" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-BOB ESPONJA S06
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk8YHcwpAFsEFSQLzzyulnL
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-BOB ESPONJA S07" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-BOB ESPONJA S07
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSleYY83og1yOxMW7_-Je5c8
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-BOB ESPONJA S08" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-BOB ESPONJA S08
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkPVVxjtrzyIHg5BO2OrFfp
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-BOB ESPONJA S09" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-BOB ESPONJA S09
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmwZTM04ChF9xY0eq6gCmnZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-BOB ESPONJA S10" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-BOB ESPONJA S10
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmTk1hdGuUo6HZ-xrrridZa
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-BOB ZOOM" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-BOB ZOOM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl2ba04qPk-12zKpBNJxgBg
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-BONECO ATOMICO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-BONECO ATOMICO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSks77rfinzDgaTAGWX8diIM
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-BOOM" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-BOOM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmsm-TLppLk5JrbbbXNR5Ec
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-BRAVESTAR" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-BRAVESTAR
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnD6CkVZzMN605rGyXwxDx7
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-BREAKING BAD S01" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-BREAKING BAD S01
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnbBPmeKE9hhxiX04lZ0BXv
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-BREAKING BAD S02" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-BREAKING BAD S02
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmjtsLe9hLwxitmBAVlhznp
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-BREAKING BAD S03" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-BREAKING BAD S03
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl7zangMqJeY_-rY4dmnICm
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-BREAKING BAD S04" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-BREAKING BAD S04
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkP-EUJp3xziVJ8CvXjEDcB
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-BREAKING BAD S05" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-BREAKING BAD S05
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkq6jzxixYOyy8LsW5kyimc
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-BUCKY JIBAKU KUN" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-BUCKY JIBAKU KUN
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl4MS45lNYxZYYL9ilsu_Kj
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-BUZZ LIGHTYEAR" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-BUZZ LIGHTYEAR
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnjZn2nfdLeSm0VIZqm79T5
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-CADILACS E DINOSSAUROS" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-CADILACS E DINOSSAUROS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlhzLwGTlL1wjV9bEqVzaqZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-CAEZINHOS DO CANIL" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-CAEZINHOS DO CANIL
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmSnDI5DeIH6E8fAQlW1-nE
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-CAMERAS ESCONDIDAS" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-CAMERAS ESCONDIDAS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmTApo4hDBGMoLxMh37nnoa
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-CAMPEOES  DO SENDOKAI" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-CAMPEOES  DO SENDOKAI
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmkKxQQmc0NSHCAxB7J8vrX
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-CAOFIDENCIAL" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-CAOFIDENCIAL
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnKOByuXjsd-BTSKwH0_UND
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-CAPIT CAVERNA 24H" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-CAPIT CAVERNA 24H
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSknLFbhI6C08_B5-fjjm458
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-CAPITAO PLANETA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-CAPITAO PLANETA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmG4ibjv3sNOFNwychuIUsf
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-CARANGOS E MOTOCAS" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-CARANGOS E MOTOCAS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnnV4hVh0UgDs6ARs8DpkTA
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-CARD CAPTOR SAKURA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-CARD CAPTOR SAKURA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmE-KtLK-ndrn1PBhO-YJU_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-CARETA E MUTRETA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-CARETA E MUTRETA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlYpwOSS7IE4Gzwok-ITOlT
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-CARMEN SANDIEGO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-CARMEN SANDIEGO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmbV3UcWaqQSHmhC2MVwwO7
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-CAROLE E TUESDAY" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-CAROLE E TUESDAY
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlajqEGqPcaoEJ7eyin0p3_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-CARS TOON  AS GRANDES HISTORIAS DO MATE" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-CARS TOON  AS GRANDES HISTORIAS DO MATE
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnhMcAyfm5S2rfFKbiVDXJw
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-CASTELO RA TI BUM" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-CASTELO RA TI BUM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnEukHgMdA4onsR1miAI1Iz
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-CAVALEIRO DOS ZODIACO SAINT SEIYA 1 TEMPORADA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-CAVALEIRO DOS ZODIACO SAINT SEIYA 1 TEMPORADA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnox4DM_Jp5aUQF00jsOYD6
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-CAVALEIRO DOS ZODIACO SAINT SEIYA 2 TEMPORADA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-CAVALEIRO DOS ZODIACO SAINT SEIYA 2 TEMPORADA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm_N9xqCdu4d2Aqlv_HdkHO
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-CAVALEIROS DO ZODIACO  SAGA DE ASGARD" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-CAVALEIROS DO ZODIACO  SAGA DE ASGARD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkihTP9pmP5rK7KlGid8iq9
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-CAVALEIROS DO ZODIACO  SAGA DE POSEIDON" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-CAVALEIROS DO ZODIACO  SAGA DE POSEIDON
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmgSBMcDX-bZbKp6nM6rNuq
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-CAVALEIROS DO ZODIACO SAGA TORNEIO GALACTICO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-CAVALEIROS DO ZODIACO SAGA TORNEIO GALACTICO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm3dHfz216FU8uzuTOi5lO8
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-CAVERNA DO DRAG" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-CAVERNA DO DRAG
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl4Y7zVCIenuq8juOPhIP0J
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-CHANPOLIN COLORADO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-CHANPOLIN COLORADO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkLF8C-SScxKxKyLbFKjtNe
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-CHAPOLIN" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-CHAPOLIN
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkVGIytkj5hQlCsU6HQq0O9
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-CHARLIE CHAN" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-CHARLIE CHAN
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk5QzMryPOBoVkhWg9Ike0w
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-CHAVES" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-CHAVES
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnhwDT8qKYExLcrUDhjVCpC
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-CHAVES  DESENHO SEGUNDA TEMPORADA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-CHAVES  DESENHO SEGUNDA TEMPORADA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmDGTOorUCXq6AVecJGC0A8
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-CHAVES CLASSICO S01" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-CHAVES CLASSICO S01
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnZaF623F1yyiAe6_BuPrLs
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-CHAVES CLASSICO S02" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-CHAVES CLASSICO S02
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmZ4gbne-WYg4FLqH7eaNAl
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-CHAVES CLASSICO S03" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-CHAVES CLASSICO S03
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk044uBNIfSJWcRHYCi4CBV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-CHAVES CLASSICO S04" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-CHAVES CLASSICO S04
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm5Kfmsm5Ur5vtMk5kF4bqr
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-CHAVES CLASSICO S05" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-CHAVES CLASSICO S05
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlPfPSLeRZVLYk1LN0raHU9
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-CHAVES CLASSICO S06" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-CHAVES CLASSICO S06
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmI-BmKkPpjkxFuFKaYPPN0
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-CHAVES CLASSICO S07" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-CHAVES CLASSICO S07
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmksFl0JLeD6lM6EQ9gj1Fi
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-CHAVES DESENHO PRIMEIRA TEMPORADA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-CHAVES DESENHO PRIMEIRA TEMPORADA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkbhqaa9o0SWpO4rQtRFgJN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-CHAVES DESENHO QUARTA TEMPORADA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-CHAVES DESENHO QUARTA TEMPORADA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkkj3stqyg1nqs69ca4lk1e
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-CHAVES DESENHO TERCEIRA TEMPORADA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-CHAVES DESENHO TERCEIRA TEMPORADA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlktgU-cfkWVpp0RqypvWNy
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-CHOWDER" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-CHOWDER
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkuynGPTdQ89F0zu2mcDSMN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-CIENCIA TODO DIA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-CIENCIA TODO DIA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlyaQnnxOFaB78KgFJyI8Rt
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-CLARENCIO O OTIMISTA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-CLARENCIO O OTIMISTA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmK-wCDDYXHds4TiiBbvmKp
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-CLASSICOS DA DISNEY" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-CLASSICOS DA DISNEY
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkvC6TFzbBJtgPfsXzL6dKJ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-CLIFFORD O GIGANTE CAO VERMELHO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-CLIFFORD O GIGANTE CAO VERMELHO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmeoYN_KLe6Gj5RkjJcrelx
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-CLUB DE CARROS" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-CLUB DE CARROS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnIi-NnEMPh18D5IvgcVRkH
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-COELHO RICOCHETE" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-COELHO RICOCHETE
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm2Z8z5Rhp-6ocF9p4ZzX4j
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-CORAGEM O CAO COVARDE" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-CORAGEM O CAO COVARDE
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm9iSD__A7E1GWsettx5Xlz
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-CORRIDA MALUCA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-CORRIDA MALUCA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnXRPS53zl-6RMwM0tWf8MW
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-CURTAS METRAGENS" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-CURTAS METRAGENS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnTXoUoBWpHNxwyVlW9cI5i
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-CYBERCHASE" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-CYBERCHASE
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnVtQ00UOgKTiId1-LBwwI0
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DANNY PHANTOM" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DANNY PHANTOM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn35yTjPRO5Ae3fXZme92J0
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DC COMICS-01" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DC COMICS-01
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkH7at6kmnt9251w6L3i3O7
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DC COMICS-02" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DC COMICS-02
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl0Oj7Owrzdu7lmJJMIPWxC
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DC COMICS-ARROW S01" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DC COMICS-ARROW S01
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlreIuAK7SQHcC5Bzgt7URh
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DC COMICS-ARROW S02" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DC COMICS-ARROW S02
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlY5dVOfV7VRBFUYYyGbt8o
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DC COMICS-ARROW S03" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DC COMICS-ARROW S03
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmjPbmylqMGP7biK-nIRZyE
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DC COMICS-ARROW S04" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DC COMICS-ARROW S04
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlzwABpW5C3ekkNXTzdg41l
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DC COMICS-ARROW S05" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DC COMICS-ARROW S05
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmNheuQyPvCeLW6uRm5fcCN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DC COMICS-ARROW S06" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DC COMICS-ARROW S06
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnPaPp6vMOLhRl6KcpxHJVb
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DC COMICS-ARROW S07" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DC COMICS-ARROW S07
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmbG16ThsuabHuS0NoMxLFx
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DC COMICS-CRONOLOGIA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DC COMICS-CRONOLOGIA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlLajibaTKUgrMrT2SEygRC
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DC COMICS-DUOLOGIA MULHER MARAVILHA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DC COMICS-DUOLOGIA MULHER MARAVILHA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlv7GdPDRPYwB2lkTpoZO4V
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DC COMICS-ESQUADRAO SUICIDA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DC COMICS-ESQUADRAO SUICIDA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlXVQJL4wJ3YyiSYu7jRP79
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DC COMICS-LEGENDS OF TOMORROW S01" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DC COMICS-LEGENDS OF TOMORROW S01
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnMT7yEkC4QBgHET7qsaTxr
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DC COMICS-LEGENDS OF TOMORROW S02" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DC COMICS-LEGENDS OF TOMORROW S02
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlVhuW3Hwaj-AAIaYcPtr4y
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DC COMICS-LEGENDS OF TOMORROW S03" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DC COMICS-LEGENDS OF TOMORROW S03
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSleEXWVg0Xfdc_TXJK3gg9h
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DC COMICS-LEGENDS OF TOMORROW S04" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DC COMICS-LEGENDS OF TOMORROW S04
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSntp5Xh1MUSoMVZiei5NQJv
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DC COMICS-LEGENDS OF TOMORROW S05" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DC COMICS-LEGENDS OF TOMORROW S05
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmfP3OCqG-qgkhAGcU4qUJ-
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DC COMICS-LIGA DA JUSTICA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DC COMICS-LIGA DA JUSTICA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk0QuUgMQQQbb887h16eXXg
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DC COMICS-PENTALOGIA BATMAN" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DC COMICS-PENTALOGIA BATMAN
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlilZVHU6qGeYDFIrkqRumP
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DC COMICS-PENTALOGIA SUPERMAN" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DC COMICS-PENTALOGIA SUPERMAN
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlV96fI906PHFS-qNc8H9iQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DC COMICS-RAIO NEGRO S01" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DC COMICS-RAIO NEGRO S01
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnKa0v6xF0--ybGhhQIabs2
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DC COMICS-RAIO NEGRO S02" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DC COMICS-RAIO NEGRO S02
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkjmcK6ax5w_RzUmXwmC2YM
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DC COMICS-RAIO NEGRO S03" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DC COMICS-RAIO NEGRO S03
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl6FN5DoDoqmfix9JnDcavs
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DC COMICS-THE FLASH S01" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DC COMICS-THE FLASH S01
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnNjaPUDCBhjUPZzv61PNIU
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DC COMICS-THE FLASH S02" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DC COMICS-THE FLASH S02
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn3NgU_RY4tOY-we3UlzN-G
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DC COMICS-THE FLASH S03" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DC COMICS-THE FLASH S03
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnOo81RVgvAMwW0RECvdRV8
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DC COMICS-THE FLASH S04" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DC COMICS-THE FLASH S04
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnTUAjI5xizv93RuALvyuBf
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DC COMICS-THE FLASH S05" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DC COMICS-THE FLASH S05
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkTpLQGrtgd9qrn3S6K0BbG
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DC COMICS-THE FLASH S06" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DC COMICS-THE FLASH S06
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk44S1YEboQ2H8T5YIrnnyl
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DC COMICS-THE FLASH S07" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DC COMICS-THE FLASH S07
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlXpFS--OPgctNurs6oS66b
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DC COMICS-TITANS S01" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DC COMICS-TITANS S01
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmP3_8wjWknH_A75MrtixbT
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DC COMICS-TITANS S02" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DC COMICS-TITANS S02
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl5TWR6AIHf-2SmpFY81G-M
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DC COMICS-TRILOGIA BATMAN" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DC COMICS-TRILOGIA BATMAN
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkXdvwm1hGtI8uyaYSHqWFA
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DE FERIAS COM O EX S01" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DE FERIAS COM O EX S01
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkySJD4nqnANCBrackclD4B
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DE VOLTA PARA O FUTURO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DE VOLTA PARA O FUTURO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlqRZwVJWR1osbZa57Zf5qS
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DEBY E LOID" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DEBY E LOID
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm27SJOatCPYou0J_dNedYO
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DEFENSORES DA LEI" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DEFENSORES DA LEI
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlsT06vKbg5DzfGJC71f0o8
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DELVIN" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DELVIN
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmcqJ3RTVK_YscpUP7PdzF7
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DENNIS THE MENACE" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DENNIS THE MENACE
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkSZjYr0FJhntpFuSNje8Jw
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DESENHOS BIBLICOS" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DESENHOS BIBLICOS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSntyLzHKqRfhYlOGLSt9vtx
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DIGIMON S01" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DIGIMON S01
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl6oY3OZA-2FScfjCPZqxnZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DIGIMON S05" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DIGIMON S05
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm6t1chxWTNKzd2Vo82LWi3
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DIGMON S02" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DIGMON S02
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkELVJlw1dzWGLPjrJrFJ2f
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DIGMON S03" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DIGMON S03
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkeeRheiNyo1XH05ue5LqOX
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DIGMON S04" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DIGMON S04
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnqYotQWp-sD4s5llFj3qg1
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DINO BOY E O VALE PERDIDO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DINO BOY E O VALE PERDIDO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmnE3Vy8FtmzrcfOQkWAb8G
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DINOSSAURO REI" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DINOSSAURO REI
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlm9JThH0JILjb3eV-cpSo2
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DOIS HOMENS E MEIO S01" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DOIS HOMENS E MEIO S01
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlylmLgTjAaFDLgSJ8yYzmL
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DOIS HOMENS E MEIO S02" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DOIS HOMENS E MEIO S02
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn34Ynhzs-GEZdtBPsTYgzm
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DOIS HOMENS E MEIO S03" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DOIS HOMENS E MEIO S03
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmUifQcUzNsuzJUrk_UK71k
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DOIS HOMENS E MEIO S04" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DOIS HOMENS E MEIO S04
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl5SS_AkxX2LKG2GfDQFJgi
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DOIS HOMENS E MEIO S05" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DOIS HOMENS E MEIO S05
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnSvrBK2Rk77CWgSK8IrEdN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DOIS HOMENS E MEIO S06" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DOIS HOMENS E MEIO S06
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlVESrw6Pq0OYKYEwKwXMoy
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DOIS HOMENS E MEIO S07" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DOIS HOMENS E MEIO S07
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlYjNT2MiyLfAnqeGWkIqZJ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DOIS HOMENS E MEIO S08" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DOIS HOMENS E MEIO S08
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnS443eMgcGYqxvrSFFbWSF
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DOIS HOMENS E MEIO S09" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DOIS HOMENS E MEIO S09
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnCQzoPx6gd3nqkblFcuTCO
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DOIS HOMENS E MEIO S10" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DOIS HOMENS E MEIO S10
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmUhOIU3MjIWUK0hGcQGyO8
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DOIS HOMENS E MEIO S11" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DOIS HOMENS E MEIO S11
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkdrdoQHId51b-JlCkiVouF
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DOIS HOMENS E MEIO S12" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DOIS HOMENS E MEIO S12
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkVsxG-02sYj1o_hZni36v5
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DON DRACULA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DON DRACULA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn51KA_NMWqVEMCmJv0MjtH
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DORA A AVENTUREIRA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DORA A AVENTUREIRA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn2D1z7EbbavtLrVavdKcsn
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DOUG" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DOUG
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn25IxKry323Zdraw4nmC8j
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DR CALCA DIMENSIONAL" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DR CALCA DIMENSIONAL
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl3cI3ABF6SaxRqtnfvZ42r
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DRAGON BALL CLASSICO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DRAGON BALL CLASSICO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkIFPEU1g3t-iYNCQ7d15UN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DRAGON BALL GT" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DRAGON BALL GT
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnUUf4_I437NBgmM4qohA2q
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DRAGON BALL SUPER DEUS DA DESTRUICAO BILLS" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DRAGON BALL SUPER DEUS DA DESTRUICAO BILLS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmIGo3wNTE0Qas2ilgLrLYW
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DRAGON BALL SUPER FREEZA DOURADO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DRAGON BALL SUPER FREEZA DOURADO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnCL-Xg9VNg9tNsMUBKk0qU
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DRAGON BALL SUPER SOBREVIVENCIA DO UNIVERSO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DRAGON BALL SUPER SOBREVIVENCIA DO UNIVERSO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnHpztHAAFDDJ9ixrNHDrUM
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DRAGON BALL SUPER TRUNKS DO FUTURO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DRAGON BALL SUPER TRUNKS DO FUTURO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl6bNXiQuQ0VTcW8ArPzq7s
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DRAGON BALL SUPER UNIVERSO 6" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DRAGON BALL SUPER UNIVERSO 6
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm0KYyQFg_lOL8XFJAao8Kz
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DRAGON BALL Z SAGA DE MAJIN BOO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DRAGON BALL Z SAGA DE MAJIN BOO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlWiqg6Reu7Y84yQ3r8manj
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DRAGON BALL Z SAGA DO GARLIC JR" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DRAGON BALL Z SAGA DO GARLIC JR
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlAEi1zGi2xP4ySmhX2ZpHs
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DRAGON BALL Z SAGA DOS ANDROIDES" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DRAGON BALL Z SAGA DOS ANDROIDES
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlqAdhlCjPAYV861clG4KPG
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DRAGON BALL Z SAGA DOS SAIYAJIN" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DRAGON BALL Z SAGA DOS SAIYAJIN
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkdrDyrbXiY4FUNcjb2ArsW
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DRAGON BALL Z SAGA FREEZA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DRAGON BALL Z SAGA FREEZA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlFE1o85yf8tXfWQcG8IJCo
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DRAGON BALL Z TORNEIO DE OUTRO MUNDO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DRAGON BALL Z TORNEIO DE OUTRO MUNDO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn8pwdDKJz_iM9KdSfaIFXL
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DRAKE E JOSH S01" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DRAKE E JOSH S01
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmlpywxULrChwfzTJHJERp0
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DRAKE E JOSH S02" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DRAKE E JOSH S02
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlupSeebaOIZvZRNAx7iJnu
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DRAKE E JOSH S03 24H" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DRAKE E JOSH S03 24H
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkCzoNhZixo-mhEkzd_H_rB
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DRAKE E JOSH S04 24H" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DRAKE E JOSH S04 24H
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmPWpDGv3flhArOFeAfWczM
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DRAMATURGIA PANICO NA TV" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DRAMATURGIA PANICO NA TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk0o_DmbpuYkcXoFAQUUAMc
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DROPPY" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DROPPY
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlxeOWiLWo-c-kRAkwMQKtR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DUCK DODGERS" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DUCK DODGERS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlq-8irHQwqDBV7hPPeysx3
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DUCKTALES OS CADORES DE AVENTURAS" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DUCKTALES OS CADORES DE AVENTURAS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmNZRfl9YAQRaNVbljntVL9
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DUDLEY DO RIGHT OF THE MOUNTIES" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DUDLEY DO RIGHT OF THE MOUNTIES
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkDW7SSxVdQ1CGieu_DMuzj
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-DUELO XAOLIN" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-DUELO XAOLIN
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSneGhDPlRZQRH73g_XLXAzS
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-E MAGIA CHARLIE BROWN" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-E MAGIA CHARLIE BROWN
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmS9sgYCx-Rxpb1JkjiVAWh
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-E O LOBO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-E O LOBO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlSoHjgsOtDRfhZJ59sAn8q
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-EDGAR E ELLEN" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-EDGAR E ELLEN
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn8b4Knvyw_AoMHw2w5sQvZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-EDU PRIMITIVO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-EDU PRIMITIVO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlUr0E9kWhympjNK3TvSWNW
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-EEK THE CAT" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-EEK THE CAT
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmzl4t7yRDy_IwIpPsf4dWy
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-EL CHAPO S01" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-EL CHAPO S01
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnPorhh-QiDnl_PWnLDZGVV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-EL CHAPO S02" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-EL CHAPO S02
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlHLrQe8NVHfn5yi-UOxJJ1
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-EL CHAPO S023" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-EL CHAPO S023
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn4dhctVEwZtlvUBCoKcOO4
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-ENCRENCA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-ENCRENCA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlfH0GoiJ-Xiqxgu4k6cnW5
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-ESCOLINHA DO PROFESSOR RAIMUNDO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-ESCOLINHA DO PROFESSOR RAIMUNDO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSleEGo5qjf4XVR6CQjNQbKH
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-ESQUADRAO DE MARTE" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-ESQUADRAO DE MARTE
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl6utENuX7xBxmlEbwPCmJO
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-ESQUADRAO DO TEMPO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-ESQUADRAO DO TEMPO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmLsB4rHHq-4GhmoO6CWU7Z
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-ESQUILO SEM GRILO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-ESQUILO SEM GRILO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnwHoP9ozMKEuzf9ZjqV2m1
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-EU A PATROA E AS CRIANCAS S01" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-EU A PATROA E AS CRIANCAS S01
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmfAZk_ar5iS_cyrrzDxZRg
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-EU A PATROA E AS CRIANCAS S02" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-EU A PATROA E AS CRIANCAS S02
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkdSqTOSInKG-gaulIWCc70
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-EU A PATROA E AS CRIANCAS S03" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-EU A PATROA E AS CRIANCAS S03
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlo9RQ8v5tjrqMRF8MvhmuU
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-EU A PATROA E AS CRIANCAS S04" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-EU A PATROA E AS CRIANCAS S04
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl9bGiZDR3B5r97zX5EHVI5
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-EU A PATROA E AS CRIANCAS S05" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-EU A PATROA E AS CRIANCAS S05
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlQDmosESepGMM27uA02FKV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-EU SOU O MAXIMO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-EU SOU O MAXIMO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlF1Gv3Vhd06-fr5dH9V3J1
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-FABULAS DA DISNEY" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-FABULAS DA DISNEY
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlL1Z4KkfGzTdC97qA5ECRq
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-FAISCA E FUMACA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-FAISCA E FUMACA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnO48vZleR1op1hOm5X6E3d
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-FAMILIA DINOSSAURO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-FAMILIA DINOSSAURO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnRwcAKFdtcEGOk3j0pLlFD
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-FAMILIA URSO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-FAMILIA URSO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnyEhTBUGQoyJB1CNkJe2r3
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-FANTASMINHA LEGAL" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-FANTASMINHA LEGAL
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlhFUwOrP4lsz7Dp8LectDZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-FATOS DESCONHECIDOS" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-FATOS DESCONHECIDOS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlcKecYXPs6P0_PYXbqCqUJ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-FATOS INSANOS" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-FATOS INSANOS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlfT3P9pKvtRxRRWWplJWtb
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-FILA DE PIADAS" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-FILA DE PIADAS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlwE0aQVaxhQMvwog-HAxXI
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-FITDANCE" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-FITDANCE
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlvfcKtHhj89_eUxOX3sm3R
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-FLASH GORDON" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-FLASH GORDON
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkTzB-4PPjiPO7U3sNAk5dm
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-FLY O PEQUENO GUERREIRO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-FLY O PEQUENO GUERREIRO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlmQ74fPoWqy4QbcUk6eXhK
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-FRANKENSTEIN JUNIOR" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-FRANKENSTEIN JUNIOR
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkg-eoNzdr48wEoWvnDsQ9i
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-FREAKAZOID" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-FREAKAZOID
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkv7qXatT3ojJOyIrodPBOy
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-FRIENDS S01" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-FRIENDS S01
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmiT2zy7rqfu2IyYxH8E2aA
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-FRIENDS S02" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-FRIENDS S02
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmio8kb619CaqhyQ2ONfejI
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-FRIENDS S03" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-FRIENDS S03
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlvOBLr5Kmq7ZPnLGIo27Mv
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-FRIENDS S04" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-FRIENDS S04
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmKFtzPXYkHxIf9ioH-zTOR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-FRIENDS S05" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-FRIENDS S05
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkVrFZP2oJjCtjq-tKsVq5p
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-FRIENDS S06" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-FRIENDS S06
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlFf_2AcmNs6I2tqttOwA8m
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-FRIENDS S07" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-FRIENDS S07
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlY4uIxxZ_oTOpAO8I-Na5z
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-FRIENDS S08" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-FRIENDS S08
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm9SA1Q0BiQZeSOf8VHRfnS
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-FRIENDS S09" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-FRIENDS S09
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlHporAnaSBXy-NmQtMw7UV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-FRIENDS S10" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-FRIENDS S10
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmRNvRCoHriBE1QSyWqBqEN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-FUTURAMA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-FUTURAMA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnMsdENadKW3hrctUkdNIav
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-GALAXY RANGER" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-GALAXY RANGER
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl7JEtdqocQ7hQoxhqMWK4m
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-GALAXY TRIO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-GALAXY TRIO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmUffFILiQFBZLfB5rmMaGV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-GALINHA PINTADINHA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-GALINHA PINTADINHA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmzC6z7EbHGZVQduRkmuXR4
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-GAME OF THRONES S01" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-GAME OF THRONES S01
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl6ECAHGuLaQMAspbPUoMUy
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-GAME OF THRONES S02" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-GAME OF THRONES S02
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnuQz0nSG3t2ug6MuwbPIZz
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-GAME OF THRONES S03" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-GAME OF THRONES S03
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnGAbjTYsXFXCCepn2PR_5O
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-GAME OF THRONES S04" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-GAME OF THRONES S04
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlyeU056SjFDXf_mMut2t0q
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-GAME OF THRONES S05" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-GAME OF THRONES S05
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlUJN7sJIIgPCPybhnITgY3
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-GAME OF THRONES S06" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-GAME OF THRONES S06
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlcREKO30a8dS6u9AI7Ynue
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-GAME OF THRONES S07" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-GAME OF THRONES S07
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmlr4ak1DbCENb7dhKLakmj
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-GAME OF THRONES S08" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-GAME OF THRONES S08
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnYS3TObt3ft9VHRA4Fiue6
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-GARFIELD E SEUS AMIGOS" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-GARFIELD E SEUS AMIGOS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlkNP55t087msW0T0ofQ0tB
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-GASPARZIHO E SEUS AMIGOS" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-GASPARZIHO E SEUS AMIGOS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmFlED4DhzKF7bWLHnyy0pE
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-GASPARZINHO O FANTASMA ESPACIAL" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-GASPARZINHO O FANTASMA ESPACIAL
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmx6qcmJDznMCtPaU0oCDaJ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-GATO DE BOTAS" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-GATO DE BOTAS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlEf8BbekFKss8nh-QEFSkC
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-GATO FELIX" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-GATO FELIX
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkfVRcaD46rhhaV1RS255FF
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-GENERETOR REX" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-GENERETOR REX
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk57O9sYcRxlCCElEpQL6Pk
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-GERSON ALBUQUERQUE" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-GERSON ALBUQUERQUE
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkfnLB8l9VMhmrbydMGUGAC
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-GO DIEGO GO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-GO DIEGO GO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlMOqirsAOS1vq_U639Tvp1
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-GUERREIROS MISTICOS" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-GUERREIROS MISTICOS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmMo_9JRQJqSWi6mQzWJXwO
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-GUNDAM WING" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-GUNDAM WING
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn0s3kQ5qmy55qGdzyQ6JN9
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-HANTARO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-HANTARO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnGhBEZ74x8GeBBb2nsJXrs
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-HARVEY O ADVOGADO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-HARVEY O ADVOGADO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnhiGmUR63u-ZGJQMY3R_d-
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-HE-MAN 24H" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-HE-MAN 24H
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnDnUHIFKRsRt3wpMvKFco4
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-HELLO KITTY" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-HELLO KITTY
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlqgzNOXoyxRa7-49SHkvJD
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-HERCULES" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-HERCULES
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl8eTmpiJ4Mbl9LmQbkAlu8
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-HERCULOIDES" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-HERCULOIDES
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmEFx8GHKgOHcp7uxiAPKlm
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-HEY ARNOLD" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-HEY ARNOLD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkc3_WNIkIMJXk4TAaCmtOC
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-HEY ARNOLD S01" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-HEY ARNOLD S01
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm850aAyX9eJ3pjllTFGAwN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-HEY ARNOLD S02" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-HEY ARNOLD S02
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkXKVzm1d2qrovPEcdlrQy2
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-HEY ARNOLD S03" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-HEY ARNOLD S03
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSky1zL37MpyPEJ-5-IJ5-Kj
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-HEY ARNOLD S04" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-HEY ARNOLD S04
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlfqlL2t7nGKSkYq0I7VY54
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-HEY ARNOLD S05" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-HEY ARNOLD S05
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkOsiEgz0Y8rbBU5bAfQxk7
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-HICKORY DICKORY DOCK" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-HICKORY DICKORY DOCK
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm-vmJqEpKFDOQhNXkP1VEI
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-HILDA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-HILDA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkjJs9hY7Hx4uHYfKRJ2rba
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-HISTORINHAS DE DRAGOES" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-HISTORINHAS DE DRAGOES
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmFIx_O5R8TB4ulgOe6YHDy
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-HO HO OLIMPICS" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-HO HO OLIMPICS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmOY_RTOZyWmtACoaLtOHc4
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-HOMEM ARANHA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-HOMEM ARANHA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkyBWiQGFT4Y52R6F4NvKTs
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-HOMEM DE FERRO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-HOMEM DE FERRO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkPtUChVCdOQzpcxlygZN0l
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-HOMEM PASSARO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-HOMEM PASSARO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn1kPlIHYuOVfcEDZ_rNr8Q
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-HOMEN ARANHA ACAO SEM LIMITES S01" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-HOMEN ARANHA ACAO SEM LIMITES S01
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl2KfKNRwa4bOqeNT794UO9
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-HOMEN PASSARO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-HOMEN PASSARO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk6jqDkYzRBU87GYGGVAP9y
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-HONG KONG FU" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-HONG KONG FU
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnKKywE8IGEXEZa6-ubuPSz
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-ICARLY S01" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-ICARLY S01
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSneuSyXRTWb5WHGcvFOMXNc
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-ICARLY S02" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-ICARLY S02
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkRM22U3ZAfmo-i7Or0Wum2
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-ICARLY S03" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-ICARLY S03
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlU_fH3qL0osyNVCHFabN3t
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-ICARLY S04" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-ICARLY S04
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlhLvqbxxfzIQ_Tf6v4EZWl
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-ICARLY S05" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-ICARLY S05
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnmPjW-zsvLSHei98EE7Atu
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-ICARLY S06" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-ICARLY S06
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlsxJ2wcEygVsL-5v6sYxX7
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-ICARLY S07" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-ICARLY S07
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm2WC010WLBtGN5POEoo0qj
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-ILHA DOS DESAFIOS" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-ILHA DOS DESAFIOS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkAEMDQODCL3fyhCymK4jeK
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-INCRIVEL" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-INCRIVEL
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkPBKOclAIkrrs9RJtKGrD2
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-INCRIVEL HULK" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-INCRIVEL HULK
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmfNZCvqsOkRKT0B7GwfY_i
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-INCRIVEL MUNDO DE GUMBAL" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-INCRIVEL MUNDO DE GUMBAL
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk3o0T5d5WriHumEul8-n6u
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-INVASOR ZIM" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-INVASOR ZIM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk5X3MDfUkEHDASsF2YJd_I
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-IRMAO DO JOREL" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-IRMAO DO JOREL
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkNOBljhq5ypBFyshQtyJsi
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-JAKERS! AS AVENTURAS DE PIGGLEY WINKS" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-JAKERS! AS AVENTURAS DE PIGGLEY WINKS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkWMC5tiJ4WVGqDQJFiAMXv
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-JAMBO O RUIVAO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-JAMBO O RUIVAO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmgCMrBPGu5Th_acu8KRcv8
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-JASPION" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-JASPION
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmlfblPATx9C1-EyF2vuf3M
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-JEAM E AS HOLOGRAMAS" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-JEAM E AS HOLOGRAMAS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlzHnEj0TNeig48m53WhtzR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-JOAO GRANDAO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-JOAO GRANDAO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlSnr4QrywVq3HcI2dWW_gs
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-JOHN LEITAO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-JOHN LEITAO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlJ8UbmRtbvzKS56Br36UEP
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-JOHNNY BRAVO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-JOHNNY BRAVO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn5c_ndkCqT5Z-b8CXWpeHe
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-JONNY QUEST" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-JONNY QUEST
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkqT5a2bI9Iot7hw2h8fXGo
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-JOSIE E AS GATINHAS" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-JOSIE E AS GATINHAS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlqRljbZxvE3T0AVGEtpY7P
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-JUBEI CHAN THE NINJA GIRL" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-JUBEI CHAN THE NINJA GIRL
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk3vKkBTs51mzE26u9CJX_N
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-KAMEN RIDER  BLACK" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-KAMEN RIDER  BLACK
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl1kE7Z6OuUJmY9p7HNmioC
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-KENAN E KEL 1 TEMPORADA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-KENAN E KEL 1 TEMPORADA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnvLgv2PihvZpP6Y140uW0G
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-KENAN E KEL 2 TEMPORADA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-KENAN E KEL 2 TEMPORADA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkw-N__sPxB0Li5QepxBPfX
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-KENAN E KEL 3 TEMPORADA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-KENAN E KEL 3 TEMPORADA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn7P1N_WTS3WOoaVYaoZbwm
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-KICK BUTTOWSKI UM PROJETO DE DUBL" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-KICK BUTTOWSKI UM PROJETO DE DUBL
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkrvle5WVmw91rY0loV6hKM
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-KIM POSSIBLE" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-KIM POSSIBLE
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlu-1qMUHfOyeLiWWRHtsEf
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-KIMBA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-KIMBA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnENJpcagcGDWpqFvZ4-rNz
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-KND A TURMA DO BAIRRO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-KND A TURMA DO BAIRRO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnJTniQzGmn7KJwM2cWyyRA
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-KONG FU PANDA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-KONG FU PANDA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlRsdA7hyyrgiBN4pDLFCMF
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-KONG REI DOS MACACOS" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-KONG REI DOS MACACOS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlo0g9oy0uCeAthtgcnCP_q
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-LABORATORIO DE DEXTER" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-LABORATORIO DE DEXTER
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlkFN4dtpGJRcaTeYz1CgRM
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-LARGASDOS E PELADOS S01" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-LARGASDOS E PELADOS S01
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmvTUcgWloalT0l5GHt7ZTb
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-LARGASDOS E PELADOS S02" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-LARGASDOS E PELADOS S02
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl3vVUVLCzIkJ7Ieupyh1lk
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-LARGASDOS E PELADOS S03" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-LARGASDOS E PELADOS S03
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnLMC4yk4VjixbAAcrC4PSo
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-LARGASDOS E PELADOS S04" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-LARGASDOS E PELADOS S04
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlXj0toKFOUgCj3klYaK19m
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-LARVA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-LARVA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnCuYHo4A-FTkzFUvf9Q0MK
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-LAZYTOWN" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-LAZYTOWN
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSncJMSE-OtlLnBlMXnXCZFb
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-LEAO DA MONTANHA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-LEAO DA MONTANHA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSntis2XeeYX3o2MITWYsnwd
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-LEO O CAMINHAO CURIOSO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-LEO O CAMINHAO CURIOSO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnKXMOeqZrk4Bw4WiIlJvXs
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-LIGA DA JUSTI" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-LIGA DA JUSTI
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkIHXNldAhp7JIMUXMVifwt
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-LIGEIRINHO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-LIGEIRINHO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmLqaOi94pg4p-4L4BMdXhL
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-LIL BUSH" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-LIL BUSH
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn8EHiyb27QXB1JunPKYucP
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-LILO E STITCH" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-LILO E STITCH
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnyawg-dvXrgR3oXJbvk9Rf
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-LIPPY E HARDY" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-LIPPY E HARDY
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkDACsIkdcamNsUAhstJZvX
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-LOONEY TUNES" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-LOONEY TUNES
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmLtfs7JVMN-T9cccC4LBI5
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-LULA LELE" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-LULA LELE
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnL6jTqvOKZwaJLgoKwrS5Y
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-LULUZINHA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-LULUZINHA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk_9dp7hnbPVDKGHXtKQ3Uk
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-LUZINHA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-LUZINHA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmiyza758W69Htg3_bXaXNY
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MADELINE" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MADELINE
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl2BMpNPqfll_QQWFyRC10I
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MAGUILA O GORILA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MAGUILA O GORILA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmXq1fVzJVvR141G6NW4GHO
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MANDA CHUVA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MANDA CHUVA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmABGkg8XpCmhthTO2AlI20
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MANUAL DO  NED" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MANUAL DO  NED
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlAhPB8vAcBLNqh9hd3vbSu
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MAQUINAS VOADORAS DICK VIGARISTA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MAQUINAS VOADORAS DICK VIGARISTA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnUX6zE-jZ-mE-QiX_Y0adm
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MARCELINO PAO E VINHO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MARCELINO PAO E VINHO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmNxm1XxcPrt4GKCiccm4W_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MARSUPILAMUS" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MARSUPILAMUS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn-_ZC1M3KyY2rUlwglOw69
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MARTIN MYSTERY" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MARTIN MYSTERY
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl2EhqHkD-r64izHjPXAvKG
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MARVEL -ORDEM CRONOLOGICA 01" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MARVEL -ORDEM CRONOLOGICA 01
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSliAT_GolG5g0xBHROVqlZD
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MARVEL DESENHO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MARVEL DESENHO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmEbYGwg_wi5eUqcea8cRsU
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MARVEL- AGENTS DA S.H.I.E.L.D S02" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MARVEL- AGENTS DA S.H.I.E.L.D S02
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlmSyeKjCWXJsCGWzdw78mj
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MARVEL- LUKE CAGE S02" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MARVEL- LUKE CAGE S02
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnhD4Esj7qoOVCMqDNlouvc
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MARVEL-AGENTS DA S.H.I.E.L.D S01" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MARVEL-AGENTS DA S.H.I.E.L.D S01
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm_NutRM9Zcrb4kNsZFD1QA
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MARVEL-AGENTS DA S.H.I.E.L.D S03" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MARVEL-AGENTS DA S.H.I.E.L.D S03
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkUOxZUwieWZPj-vNX7cyCG
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MARVEL-AGENTS DA S.H.I.E.L.D S04" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MARVEL-AGENTS DA S.H.I.E.L.D S04
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlq7wjSpqrIdXAmrBFECYJX
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MARVEL-AGENTS DA S.H.I.E.L.D S05" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MARVEL-AGENTS DA S.H.I.E.L.D S05
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn69zNAgkKbAbExKfK8ng2d
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MARVEL-AGENTS DA S.H.I.E.L.D S06" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MARVEL-AGENTS DA S.H.I.E.L.D S06
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnch1Sg5ScwUCpxLQd-5FnL
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MARVEL-CAPITAO AMERICA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MARVEL-CAPITAO AMERICA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmJYud3HjRRZiGMiE017FQB
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MARVEL-CLASSICOS DA MARVEL 1" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MARVEL-CLASSICOS DA MARVEL 1
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmqeW7qKX-4bny3kDo_6n39
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MARVEL-CLASSICOS DA MARVEL 2" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MARVEL-CLASSICOS DA MARVEL 2
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlntqr8PgyZwMejLBXOejgs
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MARVEL-DEFENSORES S01" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MARVEL-DEFENSORES S01
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSktsSpkZFZgBTTa4c-4Iolg
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MARVEL-DEMOLIDOR S01" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MARVEL-DEMOLIDOR S01
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmwqf3623PkJXELAEEu0scH
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MARVEL-DEMOLIDOR S02" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MARVEL-DEMOLIDOR S02
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl1Ub3M3yhfpm7WdHUmGyxv
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MARVEL-DEMOLIDOR S03" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MARVEL-DEMOLIDOR S03
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkkHm51kdX-OTFqd2CV0OvI
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MARVEL-DUOLOGIA HOMEM ARANHA E ESPETACULAR HOMEM ARANHA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MARVEL-DUOLOGIA HOMEM ARANHA E ESPETACULAR HOMEM ARANHA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSliYAIN1C6FGU2ccPF4z76g
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MARVEL-FALCAO E SOLDADO INVERNAL S01" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MARVEL-FALCAO E SOLDADO INVERNAL S01
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl1LBVu9eqgtEuycW8ianwb
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MARVEL-FILMES 1" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MARVEL-FILMES 1
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnJSJx6WONqCXUKlAyCEs8B
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MARVEL-FILMES 2" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MARVEL-FILMES 2
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnaeXvX57YAmcfi4vxjg-pN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MARVEL-HOMEM DE FERRO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MARVEL-HOMEM DE FERRO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmCeAASmxzCRLH7M5_Fr-SC
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MARVEL-INUMANOS S01" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MARVEL-INUMANOS S01
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnPh6et-SJAcqQuxRdyG40Y
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MARVEL-JESSICA JONES S01" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MARVEL-JESSICA JONES S01
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm1kJ5HZ9WNsjkmQtilqoeL
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MARVEL-JESSICA JONES S02" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MARVEL-JESSICA JONES S02
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkZc4fZBnAVy2IBrEUUZcNs
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MARVEL-JESSICA JONES S03" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MARVEL-JESSICA JONES S03
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmAmMHUCbXAdZjTDDeMSfZJ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MARVEL-JUSTICEIRO  S01" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MARVEL-JUSTICEIRO  S01
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnsjTZ3jljmdzgC0mt6EpDg
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MARVEL-JUSTICEIRO S02" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MARVEL-JUSTICEIRO S02
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm9GDmcm0rKldY0dn1ZNQD_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MARVEL-LEGIAO S01" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MARVEL-LEGIAO S01
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnKRR9DvkxydWNtBiJRZqEq
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MARVEL-LEGIAO S02" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MARVEL-LEGIAO S02
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSluGDuhVnJLJNR6FwE97RZC
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MARVEL-LENDAS DA MARVEL S01" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MARVEL-LENDAS DA MARVEL S01
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnt4sc6Z-SIsikp2wPkJzBS
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MARVEL-LUKE CAGE S01" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MARVEL-LUKE CAGE S01
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk6diVZyDNLQk0JNCqOvdqZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MARVEL-MANDALORIANO S01" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MARVEL-MANDALORIANO S01
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkWg_lYkGWZLP6fjLUWjUkm
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MARVEL-O LEGADO DE JUPITER S01" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MARVEL-O LEGADO DE JUPITER S01
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlgYjNoAxLuc_j3j0hhljVW
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MARVEL-O MANDALORIANO S01" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MARVEL-O MANDALORIANO S01
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlRDAxfKBjz0eI3RgzA8TUE
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MARVEL-ORDEM CRONOLOGICA 02" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MARVEL-ORDEM CRONOLOGICA 02
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmpY9U3G1OpTEU3FoVuYYc0
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MARVEL-PUNHO DE FERRO S01" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MARVEL-PUNHO DE FERRO S01
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm76FOeMPJOsweD17sNA-CJ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MARVEL-PUNHO DE FERRO S02" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MARVEL-PUNHO DE FERRO S02
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSleY6EOzDx5O0kn7bA3LxWU
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MARVEL-QUARTETO FANTASTICO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MARVEL-QUARTETO FANTASTICO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk2wQADLSCxqWtjbtr2qFdP
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MARVEL-THE GIFTED S01" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MARVEL-THE GIFTED S01
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn4iJaKkznq1W3gJe2Qowa7
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MARVEL-THOR" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MARVEL-THOR
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmLKPnh7tzEDGqYEI2gW8hX
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MARVEL-TRILOGIA HOMEM-ARANHA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MARVEL-TRILOGIA HOMEM-ARANHA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm0IoOcoyL49VHyX3q6v3bf
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MARVEL-VINGADORES" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MARVEL-VINGADORES
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlnCKXdlOEAHIO9_-fFpkG1
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MARVEL-WANDAVISION S01" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MARVEL-WANDAVISION S01
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSna3j67v8ILx1QCMz2sCK72
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MARVEL-X-MEN 1" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MARVEL-X-MEN 1
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm7-IImNVSatAo2vLngcXKw
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MARVEL-X-MEN 2" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MARVEL-X-MEN 2
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnb0NO-GpsBXVRdvnKxQaHG
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MASTER TRASH E PANICO CHEF" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MASTER TRASH E PANICO CHEF
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnZxhHx-DAhTl4X7qhgCfYt
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MATRACA E MATRICA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MATRACA E MATRICA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk5X8OP3LmXRS4EkBgfIXD2
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MECANIMAIS" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MECANIMAIS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmpi74oMpdbeKFi1Cd0usFg
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MEDABOT" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MEDABOT
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSluCF0mH0PUcTpKvhkcJ8UJ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MEGAMAN" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MEGAMAN
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnKSA__qOzvmfegENuBRCY1
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MEGAS XLR" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MEGAS XLR
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnlr2U_d0hL9P7TXvzLuof7
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MELHORES VIDEOS DO MUNDO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MELHORES VIDEOS DO MUNDO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnCp3ToeE0e5DiM9fG_kb8B
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MEU MELHOR AMIGO E UM MACACO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MEU MELHOR AMIGO E UM MACACO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn-xPQY0dIB12woxGFoFx3h
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MEU TITIO AVO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MEU TITIO AVO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkzo9VRVa1IUZm0gpwd4dcm
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MIB HOMENS DE PRETO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MIB HOMENS DE PRETO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk_gXRCj_4mJVKOLFMHE439
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MICKEY E DONALD" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MICKEY E DONALD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkM3mMTNyQGsuube5RUbBqV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MIGTHOR" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MIGTHOR
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmvJEY8l_hPDupLMCNfKz_7
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MINI FILMES" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MINI FILMES
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl3g2a7HslzsjaGboa4_53s
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MINI POLEGAR" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MINI POLEGAR
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSliIE4Gv-WrdArWD4BkeFYF
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MIRACULOUS AS AVENTURAS DE LADYBUG" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MIRACULOUS AS AVENTURAS DE LADYBUG
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnvPDQjuDTZ6Up0vdf7peo_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MISSION HILL" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MISSION HILL
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlUI27i5YVkAdIaxThsZHCf
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MISTER MAGOO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MISTER MAGOO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkNgVmd1w7xqqY_c7fkKKG1
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MIX REYNOLD" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MIX REYNOLD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnwdOJySJqDJv6yQXLKI33A
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MOBYDICK" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MOBYDICK
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmXFThZo7_HS4M3cUdjKs--
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MONSTER RANCHER" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MONSTER RANCHER
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSntxsutAC06v2qVAJiQWgEs
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MORANGUINHO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MORANGUINHO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkqs0Uf0D_fESzcWXjIcQFw
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MORTAL KOMBAT" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MORTAL KOMBAT
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlpKGgSSxg3-267mWO7hKPH
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MOSQUETE MOSQUITO E MOSCADO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MOSQUETE MOSQUITO E MOSCADO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlg2YegMY1ksuhA_fU_G6vT
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MR BEANS" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MR BEANS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmZe9PfXLbHabrFPtsesbcg
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MUCHA LUTA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MUCHA LUTA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnL5ypVlg-_RxzmicBwlVG0
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MUMIAS VIVAS" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MUMIAS VIVAS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmvbUi5_uk5vfsY9Vorz3yE
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MUNDO BITA E OS ANIMAIS" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MUNDO BITA E OS ANIMAIS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm6ymDgkS2CU2cgbcxXsQUj
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MUSCULO TOTAL" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MUSCULO TOTAL
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm3tlIeN1pwc-Xxf4o_jKVW
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MUSICA ELETRONICA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MUSICA ELETRONICA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmSezVswh0qUIQFASGq1aR6
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MUSICA FORRO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MUSICA FORRO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmqZUErx6UyHvLwKJVFfXnj
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MUSICAS FUNK" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MUSICAS FUNK
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlkEAZ36ADv8vwCRMgplFsd
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MUSICAS GOSPEL" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MUSICAS GOSPEL
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmIq_xq9gD7_fqubWUs-tEb
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MUSICAS PAGODE" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MUSICAS PAGODE
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlnCjqHVfQrcj61JRwz_zPW
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MUSICAS POP" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MUSICAS POP
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlwK2e5vLgWdNCb_h7b632Y
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MUSICAS POP NACIONAL" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MUSICAS POP NACIONAL
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmnGP79qcfpwvK1NGhfUzdN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MUSICAS RAP" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MUSICAS RAP
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl051NMT-2hmbXHXZlk3oCn
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MUSICAS SERTANEJO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MUSICAS SERTANEJO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlgOvi0OM0MkLz95s8MGWdB
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-MY LITTLE PONY" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-MY LITTLE PONY
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkH1Zr6beOtcXifTZJmAdje
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-NA CORREIA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-NA CORREIA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkkAQmyCsU0Hq0V6vhkZMiz
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-NARCOS S01" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-NARCOS S01
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkkTzsMureHWtYLBmhUIvMP
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-NARCOS S02" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-NARCOS S02
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk9LOnd-nDl55r_2xsXXxvZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-NARCOS S03" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-NARCOS S03
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn4iy0iBrYMFXOiSyUCvIC8
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-NARUTO CLASSICO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-NARUTO CLASSICO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnqspYHyYul3xbUQYFi8VO2
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-NARUTO CLASSICO S01" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-NARUTO CLASSICO S01
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkVjGMzfMUHhDusvRYQqEcs
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-NARUTO CLASSICO S02" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-NARUTO CLASSICO S02
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm-0VFmpQ8Qt20aib7jFB_x
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-NARUTO CLASSICO S03" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-NARUTO CLASSICO S03
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlbjmW0N8vWgVhHbvNNqQlS
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-NARUTO CLASSICO S04" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-NARUTO CLASSICO S04
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnLNvHAJcrVYn1hJpCgU-Rr
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-NARUTO CLASSICO S05" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-NARUTO CLASSICO S05
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkdJru5Q1aHeqsrcmAzpdTs
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-NARUTO CLASSICO S06" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-NARUTO CLASSICO S06
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlZ5NKg2_fyK0eGXPeISxek
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-NARUTO CLASSICO S07" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-NARUTO CLASSICO S07
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl_zvITN3HdP1boRxeV35Ad
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-NARUTO CLASSICO S08" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-NARUTO CLASSICO S08
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk6YABm9ac0tV21OtzCYwQ7
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-NARUTO CLASSICO S09" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-NARUTO CLASSICO S09
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkiyhZvpyDeI9Cn6XHXRq4M
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-NATUREZA S01" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-NATUREZA S01
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlnuM49dsTtRoLtQrWeH8FV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-NATUREZA S02" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-NATUREZA S02
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn4MaRxfxwGCagYsCJbly6x
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-NATUREZA S03" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-NATUREZA S03
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlM-uIIcieaV-gt1hG9ZDMm
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-NATUREZA S04" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-NATUREZA S04
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkpPiu7xfUroq78kb8vTahN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-NEON GENESIS EVANGELION" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-NEON GENESIS EVANGELION
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmFhaq3x17PPwQuNcVWluxk
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-NOSSA TURMA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-NOSSA TURMA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkqGhVF-aCX54HrESKviKjo
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-O CHEFINHO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-O CHEFINHO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm56g_AXevTgbYGhMRKwW6Z
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-O FANTASMINHA  GALOPANTE" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-O FANTASMINHA  GALOPANTE
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlRs0cW2SqXQ4GGC1LkUKKV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-O FANTASTICO MUNDO DE BOBBY" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-O FANTASTICO MUNDO DE BOBBY
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlhgrpK5Gy9hkIdEz36055d
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-O INSPETOR" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-O INSPETOR
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmWE59tKoN1p4_0HAzBJbtL
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-O MASKARA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-O MASKARA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnAtJQ2H1OGKFfo_8tCiN1F
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-O MASKARA SERIE ANIMADA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-O MASKARA SERIE ANIMADA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmKrIuMuq0yvynyzxpvW5RL
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-O NOVO TESTAMENTO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-O NOVO TESTAMENTO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnBRnGpfxiU8IvxKF7NpxRG
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-O ONIBUS MAGICO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-O ONIBUS MAGICO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlJe0sUAEnN25q_fRYnHxEA
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-O PEQUENO PRINCIPE CLASSICO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-O PEQUENO PRINCIPE CLASSICO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn97HgM89zGVXjzeGpI8a43
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-O PEQUENO SCOOBY DOO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-O PEQUENO SCOOBY DOO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk40cNTzmFC2OGrpLYw9r_3
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-O PEQUENO URSO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-O PEQUENO URSO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn7uvnyJbv3GildpZD40lwp
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-O PRINCIPE DRAGAO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-O PRINCIPE DRAGAO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl6fMvENeuh_z-uxGM3WFYz
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-O QUE HA DE NOVO SCOOBYDOO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-O QUE HA DE NOVO SCOOBYDOO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlzRcfR9CAUt9ABSKQTrwsl
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-O REI DO PEDA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-O REI DO PEDA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk17sG_j1bpB5_32Qd6ZvVV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-O SEGREDO ALEM DO JARDIM" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-O SEGREDO ALEM DO JARDIM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkq67nascUvAsAiweSxlWKu
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-O SHOW DO SCOOBY DOO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-O SHOW DO SCOOBY DOO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk_yNJU1kFTNO1oiVG-LQGp
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-O VIRA LATA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-O VIRA LATA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmlPdQEDL7zbqOGAor0heUt
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-O XODO DA VOVO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-O XODO DA VOVO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlydY0k90vXaF3V2DZ3a43n
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-OCEANO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-OCEANO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmRoFPcAXQWsI0mcW1-TcXx
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-OGGY E AS BARATAS" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-OGGY E AS BARATAS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmkGIMEEx5ihNLr11oQED1F
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-OS ANIMAIS  DO BOSQUE VINTENS 242 H" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-OS ANIMAIS  DO BOSQUE VINTENS 242 H
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl4LygZebqR2DqINJZqvO8w
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-OS APUROS DE PENELOPE CHARMOSA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-OS APUROS DE PENELOPE CHARMOSA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSma65GErkxv9epq7AMTBsQO
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-OS BARBIXAS" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-OS BARBIXAS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmTW-64SLmZzYNzaOuMIxVr
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-OS CASTORES PIRADOS" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-OS CASTORES PIRADOS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl_BwavmxMxXcPwmSi6b8Qq
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-OS FLINTSTONES" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-OS FLINTSTONES
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn4Xd2vSxb7GIhQuKjUpKZP
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-OS FLINTSTONES S01" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-OS FLINTSTONES S01
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmFjKa7Ok4BTGR--xPrxTjh
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-OS FLINTSTONES S02" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-OS FLINTSTONES S02
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmkpUwfBw-k34RrV1l4JNVB
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-OS FLINTSTONES S03" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-OS FLINTSTONES S03
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmxSUpyklxB6TIVBspkxHQn
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-OS FLINTSTONES S04" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-OS FLINTSTONES S04
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlZiW1v5Qq1BpyC79LJm4K6
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-OS FLINTSTONES S05" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-OS FLINTSTONES S05
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkGTVjUPkcS2FvkfBzz-SGT
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-OS FLINTSTONES S06" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-OS FLINTSTONES S06
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlJvEMa5Rw9EZ9aknsDYWBO
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-OS GARGULAS" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-OS GARGULAS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkMZMCXgcOp5MMDXeDBdB7L
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-OS IMPOSSIVEIS" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-OS IMPOSSIVEIS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnXP30jfPCxKwsFFfsrk6NW
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-OS JETSONS" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-OS JETSONS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlEzwbpRNL3TsUxVaMjaXo9
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-OS JORGES" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-OS JORGES
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlx37we6jA18fqhNp35CuT0
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-OS JOVENS TITANS" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-OS JOVENS TITANS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkXo3GDsYK-w30QJc8xwKPW
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-OS OBLONGS" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-OS OBLONGS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkVZVcM0o5uhzoXPeQfIpQD
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-OS PADRINHOS MAGICOS" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-OS PADRINHOS MAGICOS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmW_OtzxUmkPPXvgeB98w5F
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-OS PINGUINS DE MADAGASCAR" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-OS PINGUINS DE MADAGASCAR
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmPYMQ_I-3obVfJU_RaGQTH
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-OS SETE MONSTRINHOS" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-OS SETE MONSTRINHOS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkbGUnqv3pNUk4Fc4Ms1rxg
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-OS SIMPSONS S01" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-OS SIMPSONS S01
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnIsqa-GImmYTgxJci3DnI1
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-OS SIMPSONS S02" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-OS SIMPSONS S02
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSndH0GF8l8FRUkQvtebRXEY
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-OS SIMPSONS S03" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-OS SIMPSONS S03
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlmE9V8FAfoLMCrOJ-Rx9zd
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-OS SIMPSONS S04" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-OS SIMPSONS S04
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl9O0mMgJm4Pa1bzPB8k0JX
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-OS SIMPSONS S05" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-OS SIMPSONS S05
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl2BmEKKAdwFvGc88lJHh7j
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-OS SIMPSONS S06" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-OS SIMPSONS S06
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnUNIdMZCyag4Drn4V-iasW
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-OS SIMPSONS S07" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-OS SIMPSONS S07
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmdtt2e7hrjsl9c6q4koPar
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-OS SIMPSONS S08" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-OS SIMPSONS S08
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn-W3cIRKzqjE8KOCNZ9hSo
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-OS SIMPSONS S09" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-OS SIMPSONS S09
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk_4fAM6cAkAHBgodoIRNwO
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-OS SIMPSONS S10" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-OS SIMPSONS S10
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmRxG-sNgxhnl5v2bGuU5Mu
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-OS SIMPSONS S11" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-OS SIMPSONS S11
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlSxB9o5sjuEg1KvCCDH5qs
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-OS SIMPSONS S12" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-OS SIMPSONS S12
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkxnuPzqnHpVIwgQBlTDsc8
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-OS SIMPSONS S13" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-OS SIMPSONS S13
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnP1diegUZWhHvIB0PAKeml
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-OS SIMPSONS S14" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-OS SIMPSONS S14
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnrVCfwWBtqT94_nZ9_TLRn
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-OS SIMPSONS S15" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-OS SIMPSONS S15
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkr9XdzWhboAKqCbDSW9BOA
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-OS SIMPSONS S16" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-OS SIMPSONS S16
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn6lQVjKGtRy0kM1NyLGPjw
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-OS SIMPSONS S17" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-OS SIMPSONS S17
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnSgfKVJCX-RuVw13xeOPKU
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-OS SIMPSONS S18" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-OS SIMPSONS S18
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkXyVVUaMMXWhbdO8Mee9KR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-OS SIMPSONS S19" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-OS SIMPSONS S19
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl0BmP0OIefDETJU5c47IVX
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-OS SIMPSONS S20" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-OS SIMPSONS S20
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlnidCn6hnSnzBJHWn5564_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-OS SIMPSONS S21" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-OS SIMPSONS S21
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkHTA7nx8nOfqt7FmiP8UyJ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-OS SIMPSONS S22" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-OS SIMPSONS S22
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn231WdfUTjSoJmkdYJccjg
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-OS SIMPSONS S23" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-OS SIMPSONS S23
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkx1qifujnLKvU5xoOn_TqX
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-OS SIMPSONS S24" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-OS SIMPSONS S24
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmrParpd8JGMjqcutMg8nlL
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-OS SIMPSONS S25" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-OS SIMPSONS S25
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnkyK8Xhh9T4rnY8vM4oqmx
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-OS SIMPSONS S26" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-OS SIMPSONS S26
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmNAquzww2bYHSpYuQ_qu5A
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-OS SIMPSONS S27" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-OS SIMPSONS S27
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlIplYiAfSkBFqOqRJ7HZht
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-OS SIMPSONS S28" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-OS SIMPSONS S28
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnE249qBL2x5gw4XOpJ9nPR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-OS SUPER GLOBETROTTERS" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-OS SUPER GLOBETROTTERS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkrPBXc27esd8djdR0T4nuv
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-OS SUPER PATOS" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-OS SUPER PATOS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmTMnU0oLOc_CtpirFrKmn3
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-OS TRAPALHOES" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-OS TRAPALHOES
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlb2TwFx76csgYpFFUB55GB
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-OS VALENTES COWBOYS DE MOO MESA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-OS VALENTES COWBOYS DE MOO MESA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnum2CxPUOzCIupOxxQwYf1
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-OS VERDADEIROS CA FANTASMAS" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-OS VERDADEIROS CA FANTASMAS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmdl0DdTllN9MLQnFZSToDW
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-OS VIAJANTES DE MAYFLOWER" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-OS VIAJANTES DE MAYFLOWER
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkaY02nN0lI-ieo5_5zmxws
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-OS VINGADORES" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-OS VINGADORES
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkBIYoqyiNz0EDwhFWpMTEq
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-OSWALDO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-OSWALDO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmZssueSBrIkQ8M9aUQYUEF
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-OVERMAN" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-OVERMAN
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlweePHUlWGxubw_2yKzrxU
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-PAGODE DA OFENSA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-PAGODE DA OFENSA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn9UZLCov_gZNBMgMevJMpL
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-PANICO TROLL" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-PANICO TROLL
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn4DrT-ltaDoNNONyUUkwSh
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-PANTERA COR DE ROSA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-PANTERA COR DE ROSA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkdJgOhcrwgk7fpmS_1TYKp
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-PAPALEGUAS E COIOTE" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-PAPALEGUAS E COIOTE
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmTY6C4XuSID1ZU3YGpzvdK
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-PARA RELAXAR E DORMIR" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-PARA RELAXAR E DORMIR
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnN4EL3XF5te143WGNGYFYl
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-PARAFERNALHA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-PARAFERNALHA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSljdkkEB5EIRygSwdEYmnBS
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-PARTOBA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-PARTOBA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmyWwTjDEFuIHrtHuiUo1Ch
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-PATLABOR" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-PATLABOR
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm2penbwmKGC864whzUpxeM
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-PATRULHA CANINA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-PATRULHA CANINA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkXKZLSp41ja1Lt4YvMJouD
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-PATRULHA CANINA S01" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-PATRULHA CANINA S01
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmY2cjsiGsTbLSmLlhhV0gW
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-PATRULHA CANINA S02" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-PATRULHA CANINA S02
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl2ZjlExu04MWtcFwF6J6gg
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-PATRULHA CANINA S03" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-PATRULHA CANINA S03
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk-sdrPUbFnHVZMS-_t0i3C
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-PATRULHA ESTELAR" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-PATRULHA ESTELAR
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlfXzEFM07NEPyrEc4yfW1z
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-PEGADINHAS DO SILVIO SANTOS" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-PEGADINHAS DO SILVIO SANTOS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnj4ak5V0ZP-cNY9NQylg_U
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-PEGADINHAS JALALS" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-PEGADINHAS JALALS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn5kk-cI0nOkLjOJRFPlyn5
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-PEGADINHAS JOAO KLEBER" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-PEGADINHAS JOAO KLEBER
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkhPxRxXXP6WBm34eI9kEsC
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-PEPE LEGAL" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-PEPE LEGAL
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl1Nx1dQpQ8eFcxnSyktoeT
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-PEPPA PIG" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-PEPPA PIG
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSniu2-WaC4QjbXaXHdJ_ecx
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-PERDIDO NAS ESTRELAS" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-PERDIDO NAS ESTRELAS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSntGZOO7e2pON458Qg6ssns
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-PERDIDO NO ESPA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-PERDIDO NO ESPA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnf6QgIWQB7Q5YlbM9K3-Ye
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-PERNALONGA E SUA TURMA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-PERNALONGA E SUA TURMA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlklIOFvNJYdjT4m3t5tkXL
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-PETER POTAMUS E TICO MICO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-PETER POTAMUS E TICO MICO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlqFQrQ6OdKIXhiuyqjpYgw
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-PHINEAS E FERB" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-PHINEAS E FERB
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlUxDZy3abpASZE3vz_Rvce
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-PICA-PAU" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-PICA-PAU
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkJT2o8Gih2MKXK6pQpaf4a
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-PICOLINO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-PICOLINO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnTfmTYtrIXr0RSO7aVEcE_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-PINGU" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-PINGU
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkxt58s2Nm-ZNFVMLLAhnBT
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-PINKY E CEREBRO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-PINKY E CEREBRO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk9ZRlu5fKCyC3P3UvI12B2
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-PLANET SURVIVAL" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-PLANET SURVIVAL
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlZcbs4FkBDViRB-zmWOjd3
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-PLIC PLOC E CHUVISCO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-PLIC PLOC E CHUVISCO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSncBwGje3RzNvOnuLjEXYI9
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-POCOYO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-POCOYO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk3MyRkbxxHykzw3S28Ay4t
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-POKEMON" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-POKEMON
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkCEMjNmD1UNIwPxOM2MA9e
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-POKEMON S01" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-POKEMON S01
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn7RkD7pB2WnSCADm8mNFgf
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-POKEMON S02" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-POKEMON S02
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnMVx4fN_6PyTGf_D5UC42D
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-POKEMON S03" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-POKEMON S03
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlqs4erG44bqcgQnVkaXx64
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-POKEMON S04" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-POKEMON S04
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkVA1-meQ_rrGnlu-VhOkfP
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-POKEMON S05" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-POKEMON S05
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlbigKdRlJe5UzXEuqFprpD
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-POKEMON S06" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-POKEMON S06
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl7Vf1qKWZEep0IVzkswqa9
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-POKEMON S07" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-POKEMON S07
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSniZx9A7kgBTa5P5a5iE50h
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-POKEMON S08" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-POKEMON S08
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlJs-oTdQVrX_KU2DxaEhrC
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-POKEMON S09" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-POKEMON S09
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm0Ruj2yfuZDPqYbE62YeJd
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-POKEMON S10" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-POKEMON S10
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmt3vAGM67qPg-JdVVRQdTu
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-POKEMON S11" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-POKEMON S11
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn9fJJJ2Kyx-sgRaXtEmkPC
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-POKEMON S12" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-POKEMON S12
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSngPO9jkR1tD8jQ5PSoH1nD
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-POKEMON S13" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-POKEMON S13
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSka-oKbueSowuAs1e4lakqx
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-POKEMON S14" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-POKEMON S14
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSljYyvawZPMZB4Wnbgw2gGg
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-POLEPOSITION" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-POLEPOSITION
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlwUuWozEJyUl4wX8_3OQx7
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-POLICA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-POLICA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk-gzt_xtaLP7bdPj11HmKu
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-POPEYE" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-POPEYE
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmjQCQVI3iY5gnLtNfvFq3K
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-PORTAS DOS FUNDOS" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-PORTAS DOS FUNDOS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkoqSsBooFyDtj8Lm77BDd2
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-POWER RANGER CLASSICO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-POWER RANGER CLASSICO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmfGOddbkayWfHFEU3bSuUh
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-POWER RANGER CLASSICO S01 AO S04" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-POWER RANGER CLASSICO S01 AO S04
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkEdh-Nj0OG6GFcWqI7-FCk
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-POWER RANGER DINO THUNDER" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-POWER RANGER DINO THUNDER
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm7pQ5XTHenvdSkzp4NOm1q
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-POWER RANGER GALAXIA PERDIDA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-POWER RANGER GALAXIA PERDIDA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnYnNe60bnpReCRL_yr9qph
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-POWER RANGER NINJA STORM" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-POWER RANGER NINJA STORM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkKIQMAXv73mKgoZSctQKuk
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-POWER RANGER SPD" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-POWER RANGER SPD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlvjRnHv3Y_gUq3gbvpMga1
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-POWER RANGER ZEO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-POWER RANGER ZEO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmw3UVbvAsmSsM7XAMHT-p_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-POWER RANGERS TURBO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-POWER RANGERS TURBO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlKUVOioEbSNs44jijafIJB
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-POWER STONE" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-POWER STONE
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSke2k5jhKIqXHsEbtLKFdZJ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-PROJETO ZETA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-PROJETO ZETA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkpZ3BHF2KP47CbboO-jzfL
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-PUTZ A COISA TA FEIA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-PUTZ A COISA TA FEIA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmLo_KI7IAH7ZXA-ts06aV4
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-RABISCO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-RABISCO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkCSMvj4cSBjVlxp0owl6qP
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-RAGNAROK" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-RAGNAROK
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSleOPeGab9s2wfjq1EynAgW
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-RECRUTA ZERO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-RECRUTA ZERO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmx_jVlzjSdtI6qNfg6iMUA
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-REDAKAI" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-REDAKAI
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmXGQE7Dt5UnZvthwBwlaL-
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-REFUGIO MENTAL" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-REFUGIO MENTAL
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkHDP530_Xuu7vpsyVVLUVz
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-REI DO PEDACO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-REI DO PEDACO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmFDRnX_WTTnyiPdukHwF6n
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-REN E STIMPY" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-REN E STIMPY
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm72QQ-zMatQqRB5rwdwamV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-RICK E MORTY 1 TEMPORADA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-RICK E MORTY 1 TEMPORADA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmw9gOt9d6y2U1M9IVKUv4G
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-RICK E MORTY 2 TEMPORADA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-RICK E MORTY 2 TEMPORADA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnEx0J88Un6S1zCVXB4JnQe
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-RICK E MORTY 3 TEMPORADA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-RICK E MORTY 3 TEMPORADA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk2GYTIA88qGRfQ-DR8vQ6a
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-RICK E MORTY 4 TEMPORADA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-RICK E MORTY 4 TEMPORADA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmnerv8TVRa4dvPe3BX93WH
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-RIQUINHO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-RIQUINHO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSklqlDCdTKUin2AIIRgr5GG
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-ROCKET POWER" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-ROCKET POWER
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlbup_XsEJRtRsZuCU6NdBJ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SABADOS SECRETO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SABADOS SECRETO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlfNoqx8oyj4jGEJtxb30As
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SAGWA A GATINHA SIAMESA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SAGWA A GATINHA SIAMESA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnQqtgGbhL0C5IibVqhxDVM
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SAI DE BAIXO S01" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SAI DE BAIXO S01
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk1dJcXbUTob2SLoIHOdGdV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SAI DE BAIXO S02" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SAI DE BAIXO S02
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmJmeIgl8WjTDEshsype2YK
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SAI DE BAIXO S03" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SAI DE BAIXO S03
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmywyRGyn8hVZQHpspFAS6w
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SAI DE BAIXO S04" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SAI DE BAIXO S04
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSndk9mjo395cJ6OVZD-JOSc
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SAI DE BAIXO S05" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SAI DE BAIXO S05
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnXddfet8HivtINsv6lvh1m
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SAIKI KUSUO NO PSI NAN REATIVADO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SAIKI KUSUO NO PSI NAN REATIVADO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlq1O9mEUEVHlpoZxIg7gAZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SAMURAI CHAMPLOO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SAMURAI CHAMPLOO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmUEVQ_-A1IseW35v4XbFqn
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SAMURAI WARRIOR" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SAMURAI WARRIOR
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmGcVwmJs9eKDkKkNwHngf8
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SHAMAN KING" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SHAMAN KING
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm_-ZCD2LlnQ7_o53HwZykX
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SHAZZAN" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SHAZZAN
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnP08RewDl5euvc15fNpYJP
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SHE-RA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SHE-RA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSksCMwbfVOWuZqoWlAZdGV_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SHINZO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SHINZO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmubEEZdUAkw_1Wjb8rCsHL
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SHOW DA LUNA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SHOW DA LUNA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl-xfhu3_GA09sp00aOfa0K
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SHURATO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SHURATO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnYFyK4C3YrA-Lj3WqUm7hi
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SHURIKEN SCHOOL" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SHURIKEN SCHOOL
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnIRwqEL8qW-_mneayYC8AY
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SILVERHAWKS" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SILVERHAWKS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmoU_lavJuOz6RYlNLXeBt_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SITIO DO PICA PAU AMARELO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SITIO DO PICA PAU AMARELO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSktBmRuVDYM_pwmXXh3FXvQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SLAM DUCK" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SLAM DUCK
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl5hE9Wq6H7m58u6x1NQzNn
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SMALLVILLE S01" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SMALLVILLE S01
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlSSfMk8ZgYerPZjiD_aGiK
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SMALLVILLE S02" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SMALLVILLE S02
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkQBfY2x_EjkaNRlKGffK5n
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SMALLVILLE S03" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SMALLVILLE S03
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl2DvgmpAL7l0_mGCBAfTmM
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SMALLVILLE S04" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SMALLVILLE S04
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkVVLjGXLmul3vlsTwYBIL-
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SMALLVILLE S05" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SMALLVILLE S05
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmoMB-IGBEHCr0n_M0sV27_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SMALLVILLE S06" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SMALLVILLE S06
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk3jfa5DXvhESjGiFKcNfBb
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SMALLVILLE S07" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SMALLVILLE S07
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmW_h7hZ_UHgusThzrBKajC
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SMALLVILLE S08" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SMALLVILLE S08
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnkRpleAN2rOh_nO70nCPQm
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SMALLVILLE S09" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SMALLVILLE S09
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSli9spymshTV9W3Z55x4CVE
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SMALLVILLE S10" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SMALLVILLE S10
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkq3EQafy8y3U4a0hTo5KdG
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SNOOPY NO ESPA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SNOOPY NO ESPA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkBN7uxmsmTxsn_Qg6KB_WK
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SOBRENATURAL S01" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SOBRENATURAL S01
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl5YqC1lOTKNQXcUGkKYHe-
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SOBRENATURAL S02" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SOBRENATURAL S02
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkGUEZh7eUrPwlphvj5k90f
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SOBRENATURAL S03" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SOBRENATURAL S03
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSls1LkHo_vUwGkn-09VygaS
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SOBRENATURAL S04" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SOBRENATURAL S04
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlS_Z_JEr1ijBBgBz5Klhne
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SOBRENATURAL S05" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SOBRENATURAL S05
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkaDFrak8rm5frbGbjv4keh
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SOBRENATURAL S06" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SOBRENATURAL S06
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmctuJMrXdAw3p5lK7udZLy
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SOBRENATURAL S07" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SOBRENATURAL S07
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk8yukwecXCoVMgZf6x2FCj
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SOBRENATURAL S08" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SOBRENATURAL S08
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmoV6yj0jfL83Awh2Bq4W6U
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SOBRENATURAL S09" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SOBRENATURAL S09
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnmuM7ef4Xdjstz7om-MXvL
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SOBRENATURAL S10" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SOBRENATURAL S10
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkNeAX5f_2OjREgSt8647Xx
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SOBRENATURAL S11" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SOBRENATURAL S11
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm6mbHIwy4A8fey-exWyNz-
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SOBRENATURAL S12" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SOBRENATURAL S12
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlsQUfAVlijcfrAvGoNty62
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SOBRENATURAL S13" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SOBRENATURAL S13
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmt3A4kOer-dpW7WyoUluJY
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SOBRENATURAL S14" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SOBRENATURAL S14
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmestTI-p3tyfqU7xFnK5NN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SONIC BOOM" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SONIC BOOM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl2a6132f7s49k-4HcIbw_t
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SONIC X" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SONIC X
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl_YfMTRQGD2ddk7H-rz53j
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SOUTH PARK" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SOUTH PARK
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk0tt73bFCbjMWJoxEnHEvk
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SOUTH PARK ESPECIAL" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SOUTH PARK ESPECIAL
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm_XtWBMXJAmm4Mx4eMN9qJ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SOUTH PARK S01" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SOUTH PARK S01
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlfMRBkQGwbbUaovLIPE8kl
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SOUTH PARK S02" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SOUTH PARK S02
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn7gB2Jm4vB_4BoIr8ujzTr
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SOUTH PARK S03" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SOUTH PARK S03
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnBzJtkTbcnZ2ruon8bzVot
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SOUTH PARK S04" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SOUTH PARK S04
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmwqw3oEcPn1kW1To_EJVT8
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SOUTH PARK S05" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SOUTH PARK S05
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk5OvvrkiZt0auyasSUac1I
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SOUTH PARK S06" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SOUTH PARK S06
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmNW_PSl8u5dYoACLqez_BS
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SOUTH PARK S07" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SOUTH PARK S07
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn7UrsvRY-oQOyIdspfSzUY
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SOUTH PARK S08" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SOUTH PARK S08
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm3ewyiKhI8APJwohHIo_48
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SOUTH PARK S09" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SOUTH PARK S09
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmwz7VLqUMHIOcGbGrUoBQC
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SOUTH PARK S10" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SOUTH PARK S10
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSncRbckE3xoLFG7dzfKMh3L
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SOUTH PARK S11" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SOUTH PARK S11
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSluMVU6ZGRgGxxLvx_EJIwH
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SOUTH PARK S12" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SOUTH PARK S12
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmAiMYmEIAzmPqZYTm6VJzZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SOUTH PARK S13" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SOUTH PARK S13
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl8Tzal6pZIxPV-fLLY9eoi
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SOUTH PARK S14" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SOUTH PARK S14
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnJ-zXpXMtxhpch552jqZ_O
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SOUTH PARK S15" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SOUTH PARK S15
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlX3Goju9W_-3y1avKDt5GF
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SOUTH PARK S16" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SOUTH PARK S16
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlt5ZttDNK7w-6i5cPJUJTw
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SOUTH PARK S17" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SOUTH PARK S17
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn7_H1EikoOK_VeB6EMQXRO
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SOUTH PARK S18" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SOUTH PARK S18
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn6QyQ53Nic6JkrH9QOEXEW
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SOUTH PARK S19" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SOUTH PARK S19
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnMrEPohoSkNd0_f2Jsa3se
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SOUTH PARK S20" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SOUTH PARK S20
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSns30WN7gNLDgbadOl3LNKx
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SPACE GHOST" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SPACE GHOST
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnJbWmKqVle01FlzvxqSGxN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SPACE GOOFS" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SPACE GOOFS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn12521urJmnmo-KvMd0uRA
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SPEED RACER" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SPEED RACER
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmBDpRmIrnLq8-Firg1dR01
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-STEVE UNIVERSO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-STEVE UNIVERSO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmbmQ0S6qFOWf544Fmwg2G3
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SUPER AMIGOS" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SUPER AMIGOS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnV70N9y7Tf0SHkEq7DVOBW
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SUPER CHOQUE" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SUPER CHOQUE
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm8yhtPdKVWrbBjtr0IOaNR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SUPER GALO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SUPER GALO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl93UPhGVxGvUwM-1CaiVMi
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SUPER MARIO BROS 3" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SUPER MARIO BROS 3
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmd9c80k6KXno2TU1hkIGXr
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SUPERMAN DESENHO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SUPERMAN DESENHO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlCJNuq9f-_9JIl0Qis8c4S
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-SWAT KATS" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-SWAT KATS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmejIBRfgDZ2wXyStppNzrJ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-TARTARUGA TOUCHE E DUM DUM" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-TARTARUGA TOUCHE E DUM DUM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnXKJoJZuqJDiMmKjW8NGNf
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-TARZAN" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-TARZAN
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm-O3ReuYPtHgBgeW9CyHcc
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-TARZAN CLASSICO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-TARZAN CLASSICO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmqtXE17Zx7ZwD4p6rFHZ7l
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-TAZ MANIA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-TAZ MANIA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmPd-BfLH9LAtSHDIB9TXIx
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-TEAM GALAXY" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-TEAM GALAXY
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlbIs_sN9GRtnKqEhjRdBLP
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-TELETUBBIES CLASSICO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-TELETUBBIES CLASSICO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlKuwxdph5i3_IQT9KqUusb
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-TELETUBBIES NOVO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-TELETUBBIES NOVO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkE-YFZh125GE_fKjfzmg2c
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-TELETUBBIES STOP MOTION" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-TELETUBBIES STOP MOTION
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnQ2EUCbyCfCVllWcc0xhvx
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-TENCHI MUYO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-TENCHI MUYO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmuoKFDEtO2GIQ87rWdhzoh
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-TESTE DE FIDELIDADE" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-TESTE DE FIDELIDADE
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmJqr6llf50bSZ_sTVH97gl
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-THE BIG BANG THEORY S01" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-THE BIG BANG THEORY S01
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkBxafSnNetlyqPvJSyN6De
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-THE BIG BANG THEORY S02" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-THE BIG BANG THEORY S02
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnYNOykJ3Lj-1LnMoyUHx9q
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-THE BIG BANG THEORY S03" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-THE BIG BANG THEORY S03
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmrj4Rmah_dK9UCaHk4dCx3
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-THE BIG BANG THEORY S04" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-THE BIG BANG THEORY S04
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlGF5hYhLwcRL6OUcuwbr2c
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-THE BIG BANG THEORY S05" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-THE BIG BANG THEORY S05
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSng6ldpC-_bYuwKgpJV4M9C
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-THE BIG BANG THEORY S06" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-THE BIG BANG THEORY S06
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnllPeML1HFiXzSqjKm8S8j
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-THE BIG BANG THEORY S07" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-THE BIG BANG THEORY S07
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmF-M2ujcheKukruxjlMJua
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-THE BIG BANG THEORY S08" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-THE BIG BANG THEORY S08
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnqfHMx86oUcTA1oPPDOnK7
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-THE BIG BANG THEORY S09" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-THE BIG BANG THEORY S09
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkcHWGAiyfVNL4EcXybAAJ9
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-THOMAS E SEUS AMIGOS" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-THOMAS E SEUS AMIGOS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmMBmWF0g6JAB6GeOJU75-b
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-THUNDERCATS" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-THUNDERCATS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk1DLyDzOmJUMWZvpzEoat8
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-TIMAO E PUMBA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-TIMAO E PUMBA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkorVwVx9jTWZGMp1pBRTL-
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-TITA SIMBIONICO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-TITA SIMBIONICO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSngEYgKTxuRrWT4fBGHhRoH
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-TODO MUNDO ODEIA O CRIS S01" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-TODO MUNDO ODEIA O CRIS S01
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm03ds16jpnj82YnV6XPiP1
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-TODO MUNDO ODEIA O CRIS S02" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-TODO MUNDO ODEIA O CRIS S02
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkPMbYxKd5K7CyuuMwHKfS3
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-TODO MUNDO ODEIA O CRIS S03" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-TODO MUNDO ODEIA O CRIS S03
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnpFNzllx-yqECK42UC28g5
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-TODO MUNDO ODEIA O CRIS S04" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-TODO MUNDO ODEIA O CRIS S04
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkFX-alsKDr0O5GwDtrADoj
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-TOM E JERRY" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-TOM E JERRY
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnIoxJ_zOkGsfwzSP_vnHJG
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-TOM SEM FREIO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-TOM SEM FREIO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlqzdpFfLrdUTu2ouA2RI4i
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-TOPO GIGIO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-TOPO GIGIO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlMS7XfvuYunpuwTORSJ7fV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-TOURADAS" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-TOURADAS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn0zb8nGiU4bKQQ579JpQ1q
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-TR ESPI DEMAIS" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-TR ESPI DEMAIS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm4GwvHWR2YCu3ou1__UEko
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-TRANSFORMES" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-TRANSFORMES
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnP6ggzCCJZdumneZ3B7laQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-TRES ESPIAS DEMAIS S01" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-TRES ESPIAS DEMAIS S01
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnm0qjuAzEnJHBEGvrnKtFG
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-TRES ESPIAS DEMAIS S02" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-TRES ESPIAS DEMAIS S02
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnP0fohBQoRn8WpT3k0wdKx
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-TRES ESPIAS DEMAIS S03" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-TRES ESPIAS DEMAIS S03
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn25XZn_i6M3jB5mC283NId
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-TRES ESPIAS DEMAIS S04" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-TRES ESPIAS DEMAIS S04
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk409b8lEZZsD41iQ-5dNeQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-TRES ESPIAS DEMAIS S05" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-TRES ESPIAS DEMAIS S05
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlPOxOf60fYHeYaXPfdVHSN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-TUNEL DO TEMPO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-TUNEL DO TEMPO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnFA__xnJIGykd2uS1GOlvt
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-TURBOMAN" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-TURBOMAN
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnOcrhVEuGYsLQ5JytaKNwl
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-TURMA DA MONICA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-TURMA DA MONICA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSltnKQWgLo4aqyhkuJX2Ktj
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-TUTUBARAO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-TUTUBARAO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnmcJgBR7D_aLOCPd0gbrdC
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-TV QUACK" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-TV QUACK
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkltITSE-3QD664XIYKBnw5
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-ULTRAMAN" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-ULTRAMAN
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl9zu6HQ3qVTGLjHKqDQeHE
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-UM MALUCO NO PEDA S01" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-UM MALUCO NO PEDA S01
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkC5hC0vwSRP4buHr0FfIZz
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-UM MALUCO NO PEDA S02" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-UM MALUCO NO PEDA S02
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnPsdFvxtHc-6q0l1CN54se
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-UM MALUCO NO PEDA S03" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-UM MALUCO NO PEDA S03
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlDwtG3I0nsfC13bkYaOnsq
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-UM MALUCO NO PEDA S04" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-UM MALUCO NO PEDA S04
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSll6rIKouzu0fYfqlbbRxtp
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-UM MALUCO NO PEDA S05" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-UM MALUCO NO PEDA S05
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl-8ZzkJXYjL79jKImkaebE
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-UM MALUCO NO PEDA S06" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-UM MALUCO NO PEDA S06
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl1cVXIWL7N__YNSN4-0SJy
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-URSINHO GUMMI" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-URSINHO GUMMI
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnXykXoS1ITedOdpq1sv_2u
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-URSINHOS CARINHOSOS" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-URSINHOS CARINHOSOS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlyT75fOdC7qmrGjYUNa8K2
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-VALE DOS DINOSSAUROS" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-VALE DOS DINOSSAUROS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl5VX-WPxvjE_cJRPP-_ajD
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-VAMPIRINA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-VAMPIRINA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkCxC2T24J0gtzncvDLy1Zx
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-VOCE NA TV" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-VOCE NA TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnZaQpD7wY9pSpnj3vH3M-g
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-VOCE SABIA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-VOCE SABIA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlokuZV84jTEImS4TKKTJbq
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-WALLY GATOR" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-WALLY GATOR
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlGWToz0CK27EpkHvl_efrZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-WEBBULLYING NA TV" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-WEBBULLYING NA TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlv45ToN7Jd5AU8QLnHTHEJ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-WINSPECTOR" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-WINSPECTOR
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm3kkllSjnx8Ys8Xkn7DkxK
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-X MEN" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-X MEN
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl_3GjwfK5Fw8dulSCd_UlU
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-XUXA SO PARA BAIXINHOS" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-XUXA SO PARA BAIXINHOS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSldsHxh81BmdzAZIQzZzrS1
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-YU YU HAKUSHO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-YU YU HAKUSHO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlp1-A_8Yg3HmBVfYznzaqs
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-YU-GI-OH S01" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-YU-GI-OH S01
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmlzjgY3pjCJdDQfR6ZEh3D
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-YU-GI-OH S02" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-YU-GI-OH S02
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnrLk6mDSZ63o8MJX_Ijbpz
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-YU-GI-OH S03" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-YU-GI-OH S03
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmP7Kh5n4lDm_U0owECGLLZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-YU-GI-OH S04" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-YU-GI-OH S04
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmg0xttZEoz4jh6--9AfVxc
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-YU-GI-OH S05" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-YU-GI-OH S05
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmlTxvhSwxxN_MXlD77oiGn
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-YU-GI-OH S06" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-YU-GI-OH S06
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl363fLc2OhYhd4twGUqL7M
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-YU-GI-OH S07" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-YU-GI-OH S07
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnDXkublESWZO7TijYbL0Pv
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-ZACK E CODY GEMEOS A BORDO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-ZACK E CODY GEMEOS A BORDO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl_2z_V_iJx-cMhw7xIbtNM
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-ZATCH BELL" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-ZATCH BELL
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn83B86IlfULuD-Kf5ocrsU
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-ZE BUSCAPE" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-ZE BUSCAPE
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl5TPgKWQaP91d4sB6Z7Uqo
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-ZE COLMEIA" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-ZE COLMEIA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkVD9pnSpM_cgKojFLGrzy-
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-ZE PEQUENO DO PANICO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-ZE PEQUENO DO PANICO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlyVLp5R2jCVErmUfbtUJi2
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-ZILLION" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-ZILLION
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmQEg7i36SOvddnM6QoxenC
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-ZOBOOMAFOO" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-ZOBOOMAFOO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl5xMhfHSrF5PxWtOKwAf34
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-ZOEY 101" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-ZOEY 101
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlVGFiVNG4oPx-eK1jsFIE4
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-ZORRA TORAL 2015" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-ZORRA TORAL 2015
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn8UyyzH5vAymVbI7CDLfHP
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-ZORRA TOTAL 1999" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-ZORRA TOTAL 1999
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlN6HDuQrPw2ZXATcUEAuEN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-ZORRA TOTAL 2000" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-ZORRA TOTAL 2000
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlhilnuNId_bus_nx9p6aAr
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-ZORRA TOTAL 2006" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-ZORRA TOTAL 2006
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkvlqvHIBibZEE_sXM-t4C1
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-ZORRA TOTAL 2007" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-ZORRA TOTAL 2007
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnbelgpmB9TAcYxCOITBlwo
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-ZORRA TOTAL 2012" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-ZORRA TOTAL 2012
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl8ejjdEZ4bKeCmtnMzbROC
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-ZORRA TOTAL 2013" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-ZORRA TOTAL 2013
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl7pUUp9Y05kgBb4rlAYVZC
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-ZORRA TOTAL 2014" tvg-logo="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/147/147288.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-ZORRA TOTAL 2014
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmDV2hZDZnnd5K4xkacOUzp
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-GUERREIRAS MAGICAS DE RAYEARTH" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/4c/Logo_TVE-24h.svg/200px-Logo_TVE-24h.svg.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-GUERREIRAS MAGICAS DE RAYEARTH
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlxx6ahgj66IuyppPgYHwxW
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="24H-JIRAYA" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/dHq9UufO9fO9BxuJmOFBqqW5a6O7vFqhlzof8Vfjvn-KuJTwTqm4w4CxCY3tiw2BOgjlF0NzeZyqfzHX1TcASA.png" group-title="CANAIS | 24H", 24H-JIRAYA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmENWKrRtxSQnV1buzvBgc_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="13Max Television" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", 13Max Television
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnSPcAjV9aL-u9NSSzL8rcr
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="A24" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", A24
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnQWNCVwMQbI2Bfj9X3mPVY
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Acequia TV" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Acequia TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmYh_5vy7x3H8ycSvzKWoQb
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Aire de Santa Fe" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Aire de Santa Fe
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmuvLj5wREtctZTd-5YPXzp
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="America TV" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", America TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk8fS-yJLwS-DTDyfcEBBjZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Argentinisima Satelital" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Argentinisima Satelital
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmE5D0TvN3OqDjzGWUIXtnL
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="AstroNet" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", AstroNet
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnGRpOj9_lLrmwHaIh9Von2
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="BVC" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", BVC
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlo4imzqh0WXZiEgH3wEScW
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="C5N" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", C5N
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnwsvDFpjLlpO9hx8hJgGSB
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Cable Imagen Armstrong" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Cable Imagen Armstrong
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkIPzv36j9QmfgrklbygqGN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Canal 10 Cordoba" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Canal 10 Cordoba
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlGoe9dkuFf44srYMzKx3Hw
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Canal 10 de Junin" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Canal 10 de Junin
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkVOAkSGZ08sRMGwoySdQ1k
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Canal 10 Nortevision" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Canal 10 Nortevision
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkrADyQnd3CgVAmb8Y6rzhN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Canal 10 Rio Negro" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Canal 10 Rio Negro
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkfugDHhgkzCOaJ4N2WhT4o
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Canal 11 de la Costa" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Canal 11 de la Costa
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkkd4yQ4fMdNncMV8MEaP2t
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Canal 12 Misiones" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Canal 12 Misiones
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlDoL_sNN_-7kB-FpgD027E
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Canal 12 Puerto Madryn" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Canal 12 Puerto Madryn
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSktNu7wfvCivTubaVXi2mx6
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Canal 13 La Rioja" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Canal 13 La Rioja
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSko0_d49A0N5SIhNWs2fNHY
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Canal 13 San Juan" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Canal 13 San Juan
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmDKk_wA5COMxZRxw6qVxkB
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Canal 2 de Ushuaia" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Canal 2 de Ushuaia
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk8WMGOHWc8nKWmOYRFyFUW
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Canal 2 Misiones" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Canal 2 Misiones
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmI8TXC17poZ2XIZL3a-ykw
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Canal 2 Salta" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Canal 2 Salta
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlmNQtux_CpKYCFuLgsNwUF
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Canal 2 Sanagasta" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Canal 2 Sanagasta
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlySdU4Tr18vaUUqtrTkw78
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Canal 20 Villa Maria" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Canal 20 Villa Maria
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm3Cz_xgPoPZyWd9OU_3fNJ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Canal 21 TV" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Canal 21 TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkItqFUPGabL8xxlAj1IxVu
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Canal 22" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Canal 22
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmwAE9iAxQWpZyaQ5A79H8z
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Canal 3 Formosa" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Canal 3 Formosa
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlT0HPl593FUcoURC1thIx9
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Canal 3 La Pampa" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Canal 3 La Pampa
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnZ_Os-g5yq4XOCvItdr6wM
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Canal 34 San Juan" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Canal 34 San Juan
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkoZmbRCw0o6nZorrJn32Rs
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Canal 4 Esquel" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Canal 4 Esquel
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkAkTUXy4BZ4in6-oQAatM8
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Canal 4 Jujuy" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Canal 4 Jujuy
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmaIhfK031uIzQ2niMw2Cpt
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Canal 4 Posadas" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Canal 4 Posadas
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmxB52I2iGmE1iY0QfgW15S
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Canal 4 San Juan" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Canal 4 San Juan
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmgzTML4grFOSSIJGkiI7lU
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Canal 5 del Pueblo" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Canal 5 del Pueblo
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn2rY-16SP3d8zqamFB8cGW
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Canal 5 Pico Truncado" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Canal 5 Pico Truncado
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSluMjwpvx4kfEgZiu51JwMJ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Canal 5 Santa Fe" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Canal 5 Santa Fe
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlQOv5_BNe3ZC6UNleCkyvN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Canal 6 Mar del Plata" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Canal 6 Mar del Plata
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmf42vBH2RfVQnubcE_5fNC
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Canal 6 Moreno" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Canal 6 Moreno
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkp17Ynt9WCrNz4bHqIMB4M
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Canal 6 Posadas" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Canal 6 Posadas
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlXkRglfSCDeBpjl6CNZ739
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Canal 7 Chubut" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Canal 7 Chubut
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkeNxnyCbldUHRtAUcB9Dbh
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Canal 7 Jujuy" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Canal 7 Jujuy
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlmh1jF1UFN2p_an4ARcH5P
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Canal 7 Neuquen" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Canal 7 Neuquen
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnzdc-FUnfk0wVe2fjSEi22
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Canal 7 TV" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Canal 7 TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm8dBbClc0dSPfaFzgdhZEH
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Canal 79 La Costa" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Canal 79 La Costa
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkQ-Moa-Gf2kkIWdd0suNDs
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Canal 79 Mar del Plata" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Canal 79 Mar del Plata
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnJorQup9FVaDamOsYgCCHj
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Canal 79 Puan" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Canal 79 Puan
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl3O5eop0iUBDhDb6b5hre_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Canal 79 San Juan" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Canal 79 San Juan
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn0vHTxCpQKRIZ480ULrpeV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Canal 79 Santa Clara del Mar" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Canal 79 Santa Clara del Mar
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSluZSGm5tERILJL3mYeV-EB
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Canal 79 Villa Maza" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Canal 79 Villa Maza
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl6gMEHsSLVNJUaWmfnLwxm
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Canal 8 Mar del Plata" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Canal 8 Mar del Plata
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkf_MmLV_-UGapLPtyUysG5
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Canal 8 Valle de Uco" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Canal 8 Valle de Uco
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkRJFoY-135x1CR8m1sMoIq
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Canal 9 Litoral" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Canal 9 Litoral
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmbNbT7r51EVRZNDoUFVMlL
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Canal 9 Norte Misionero" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Canal 9 Norte Misionero
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnzcv9Qqt-bH5u3WF6c2FRx
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Canal 9 Santa Cruz" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Canal 9 Santa Cruz
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmDIsE6WJ-uAbizpRYiOB1a
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Canal Blu" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Canal Blu
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkSXkKZ4vGkZ0YRDhkTQrXc
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Canal de la Ciudad" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Canal de la Ciudad
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkkQrl42k9GlolkQcuqJ5Ei
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Canal Luz" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Canal Luz
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl8oO_Hl0V4VkU66b67FKl7
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Canal Orbe 21" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Canal Orbe 21
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm2LWZigySVOjdId3BOQnxB
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Canal Rural" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Canal Rural
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlD1os-u3Z3tUT2aHTFxHy8
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Canal U" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Canal U
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlOPnDIkAi2mTKaVCYvKwvf
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Canal XFN" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Canal XFN
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnef33sANhdGq7Re9BnNr8A
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="canal9" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", canal9
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlbrLwcL8IT3MghnGQKKTBB
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Catamarca TV" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Catamarca TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlh3DowwSR7IxVyS7MypQA2
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Celta TV" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Celta TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnUmAVDl8X_f6tHiexbNiIv
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Chacra TV" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Chacra TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkFNjaA1xo2YfkldsTSo6sX
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Chilecito TV" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Chilecito TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmRlhwfzhU4trdLEGKvRdR_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Cinco TV" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Cinco TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnC0maXxABKPS6W4tcBXix0
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Ciudad Magazine" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Ciudad Magazine
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlWwlHyg-wDxZieg0pYBT1i
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Ciudad TV Resistencia (Chaco)" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Ciudad TV Resistencia (Chaco)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmGOkv8ZqXSRjcMs2DeX1pT
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="CM El Canal de la Musica" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", CM El Canal de la Musica
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlLqoe0-HcVgt2REpylUMea
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="CN3 Pinamar" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", CN3 Pinamar
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSki1-qB9G_Uu5bsf-LTYmj8
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="CnAr Deportes (1440p)" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", CnAr Deportes (1440p)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnj8buh5YzqCsMB-Wx3sp8l
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="CnAr Noticias" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", CnAr Noticias
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnI2M25JxKUS54ZcHkEayXI
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Cosmos TV" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Cosmos TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk_vHZ34dPJUm5SHgP5junv
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="CPEtv" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", CPEtv
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlsRdx1BXSGQGbuc-KuKvGR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Cronica TV" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Cronica TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnmYFA7FfBdna3p09mx_2_I
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Crossing TV (Crossing Contenidos)" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Crossing TV (Crossing Contenidos)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmLHzElm6y7ieyabWdnGOs7
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Dance TV" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Dance TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnP4qNr5RvVuMoTfOfVPaWR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="DeporTV" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", DeporTV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmcypNhm2x0_3i3lxR5aNUA
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="DeporTV" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", DeporTV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl4iz08HryAvJf4QunaBd_G
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Diputados TV" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Diputados TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSniq_lLaqVIjtMFZBtWo0or
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Eco TV" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Eco TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlD3ggZaoIjJD9xc8g7xwL8
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="El Doce" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", El Doce
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkSu1A23CIp8tU8d-Anfrv-
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="El Histonauta TV" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", El Histonauta TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkM-aD28F0ynIPXWnHUz5lS
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="El Nueve" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", El Nueve
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlycQNjq2h_Edhx7PWrRQDK
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="El Ocho" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", El Ocho
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkouiAh4VsrbjttNctEU7Nt
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="El Once" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", El Once
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk7nbdi2aAX5Tx9a9wpg5Pu
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="El Palomar" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", El Palomar
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnjpz5mU4FXsNtYKwiAw-9y
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="El SelloTV Madariaga" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", El SelloTV Madariaga
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmiaO9-B7wtlIIGR9vUIMrd
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="El Siete Mendoza" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", El Siete Mendoza
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkiaUztpqumSjQv_1RsJYqP
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="El Trece" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", El Trece
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk6oRXz2sbDbfYjWJwWP2d1
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Encuentro" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Encuentro
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl86XhCn1P20iVMTLXcM0VS
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="GenTV" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", GenTV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl1uj3NHPTBZKqXnpiY65-Y
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Global TV" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Global TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlME0XV_kk314kllIN8FAjW
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="http://179.0.132.60:8080/2d4ab656-9596-4ce8-85a5-9aae1cf3a31d/oembed.json" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", http://179.0.132.60:8080/2d4ab656-9596-4ce8-85a5-9aae1cf3a31d/oembed.json
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlsbwWz_2ywWEEBx171_nor
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Ingenio FM" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Ingenio FM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm3PZ50k1jU1tN1JAvAq6Yj
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="IP Noticias" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", IP Noticias
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkzA8APw295-10L6K0sYud1
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="La Nacion+" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", La Nacion+
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmhfnnT_IJxMxAFgOqSpt_C
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Lapacho TV Canal 11" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Lapacho TV Canal 11
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl3I-yWXqVMVhkIHZh_i_3X
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Litus TV" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Litus TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlKhPkSWi1VKENNJBXonJyR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Magic Kids" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Magic Kids
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn4cen9TzsAOSvkqoM79bSu
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Malbec Play" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Malbec Play
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlOrMi9tPQqTqS2IM4Ido_N
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Mas FM 95.9" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Mas FM 95.9
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSluBZ7281C5fpIFx1sRsy1Z
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Mas Musica TV" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Mas Musica TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkHcWesV7Lt5D6su-BuW9rW
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Maxima TV" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Maxima TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlxUE7lQqs1KwY4qx83_1tF
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Misiones Cuatro" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Misiones Cuatro
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnVaZqUNiAckzkNo_zvRyUk
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Multivision Federal" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Multivision Federal
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnp3g2_lH2yPdxVmHp26ola
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="MusicTop" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", MusicTop
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmnSzu2-MIVwg-37QTXE0JP
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Neo TV" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Neo TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk4Wuzj1kuEVpWidiY5qih2
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="NET TV" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", NET TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmovJg6pnO6nbOOEyueZNli
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="NG Federal" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", NG Federal
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmApi385eM7GZnekMVtxJI4
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Play Television" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Play Television
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk3gnvuVocnXXgCjwADyexR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Power Max Radio TV" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Power Max Radio TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkylI3KQ9UqfIYDTnV_iVuK
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Power TV" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Power TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSljzycWMNRCwqHCLoTVlrEm
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PowerHD" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", PowerHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkkCQCtdXX344ZyioPStF9h
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Quatro TV" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Quatro TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmdM3v4P_xWqPCngReNkYL_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio 3 Cadena Patagonia" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Radio 3 Cadena Patagonia
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlyUuQSStdGRb-em-DYqQT_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Sublime Gracia TV" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Radio Sublime Gracia TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkq4cu-2ojt7AETDBtEZ43j
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radiocanal San Francisco" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Radiocanal San Francisco
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlfXGKoGQOU2ne5vPtzRZdN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="RetroMagico" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", RetroMagico
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnupN1mespSpUkHufMiMj65
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="RTN (Neuquen)" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", RTN (Neuquen)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmqoRK9L5vlrPXUU5a9vFkY
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Santa Fe Canal" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Santa Fe Canal
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm-nMFjqgFJWMcgnZQQalM5
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Sicardi TV" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Sicardi TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn9GotpRFLfnRDKkalU-Khb
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Solive TV" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Solive TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlF5FjPfG3gcliVjs4R2Ing
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Somos La Pampa" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Somos La Pampa
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlINnYmIRbatrChSb2LNaQB
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Super Classics TV" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Super Classics TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkCivEUwMlFXLRl6qG8G6bQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Super Kaos TV" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Super Kaos TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmVvKG-QpUQb8mVVj-o6aeM
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="T5 Satelital" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", T5 Satelital
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlc5E_VjpgRMG6tpaAM173D
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Tango TV" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Tango TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkztFuBSMiWAEu5BQlMMM5n
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Te Lo Cuento" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Te Lo Cuento
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnM7JoitiUthv3KZG0KXrsD
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TechScience 365" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", TechScience 365
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnJ6ihy3Q2JfKMcbsW0gdMc
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TeleCinco Trelew" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", TeleCinco Trelew
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkXleONrwY33MJ8BI3WCs8c
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Telediez" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Telediez
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnX9kvcRCrXisXPoAhwznSZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Telefe Cordoba" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Telefe Cordoba
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlHarwgC-egs6ZcHp-LOdP5
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Telefe Internacional" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Telefe Internacional
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlk1emvkhi3lBFqo_2mSpmF
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Telefe Rosario" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Telefe Rosario
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlVF1XNbv77_TgF8Ak7tGGT
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Telefe Salta" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Telefe Salta
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnYHVUY2tzfNQSmFRYzgZ6x
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Telemax" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Telemax
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmy5Vu3uJISyGoe0nNZqX3r
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Telenord" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Telenord
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn52hJAMKmjHzWq66GqPqwh
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Telenord Corrientes" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Telenord Corrientes
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnsn5puY9YW3Ir4waybmwRL
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Telesol (TLS)" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Telesol (TLS)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkfkDeMFjQehJQm22RQMAlL
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Televideo Regional" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Televideo Regional
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmiyiyFAZ6rui7Lp_60wqeg
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Televisora Regional Unimar" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Televisora Regional Unimar
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlwjd0zOaQNF9ph2MeWcr0t
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Telpin Canal 2" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Telpin Canal 2
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm0mszqo1Y0FV8PfuqyPDRD
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Telpin TV" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Telpin TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkV7p-syBo-Zt4oDE6BmguA
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Tierra Mia TV" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Tierra Mia TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnwEUPencs63AZ0syfplWNv
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TIV Television" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", TIV Television
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk6oLIou4ok75GZqKD5s6Cp
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TN Todo Noticias" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", TN Todo Noticias
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSluBZ2GG_xbtFyr6XenNAjY
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TV Mana Argentina" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", TV Mana Argentina
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkHkKV0LDNeXVKexC5IaqFU
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TV Publica (TVP)" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", TV Publica (TVP)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmoVqn7ID6bcCXU8W9hEZhk
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TV Solidaria" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", TV Solidaria
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnHeYiI2jJBNppJM4Cm3UsE
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TVU Universidad Nacional de La Plata" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", TVU Universidad Nacional de La Plata
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl3qSTcsEj4XMK-nqceNgQz
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="UNAM Transmedia" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", UNAM Transmedia
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkwn189ZbopuyOeng9ekSiI
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Unirio TV" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Unirio TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSndvCbDnwu2N9u_pwhQfbme
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Uniteve" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Uniteve
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk653HzLstHz9NWjAJwuU7B
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="VariedTV" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", VariedTV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk7vy5H9q2z_nYdW-uoCCd5
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="VerTV (VTV)" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", VerTV (VTV)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnp_zv3oazXZuD6Rcvntd5H
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Viajar TV" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Viajar TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk2c0Fsb9LRPmS3ajrtqjrT
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Vorterix" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Vorterix
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSliPFV-D7p3aBEz39P0Ntmd
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="VTV Mendoza" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", VTV Mendoza
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmCnNby1b_Cg_8cj5ujW6wd
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Xtrema Animal" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Xtrema Animal
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmufLDh6VUDpQ-h8quB4HDH
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Xtrema Anime" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Xtrema Anime
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkUqGpyXKArItX_pUu4M1MM
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Xtrema Cartoons" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Xtrema Cartoons
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnUNJZ59QisQNeNGt1FgZA6
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Xtrema Cine Accion" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Xtrema Cine Accion
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkmmBlg0ElNNzUbRkpDCTgF
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Xtrema Cine Asia" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Xtrema Cine Asia
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm4GI4NCO78aWIAXW1jSjeY
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Xtrema Cine Comedy" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Xtrema Cine Comedy
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnjbqRP1y4a-O3zMkVlwlWi
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Xtrema Cine Drama" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Xtrema Cine Drama
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnZjCs-jKp0rDJ2L0DsUT3d
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Xtrema Cine Europa" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Xtrema Cine Europa
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk6c2C4ptXAxz5bW9DFl_3p
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Xtrema Cine Family" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Xtrema Cine Family
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlr8qCbLHSuv4VJI6xlpbWS
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Xtrema Cine Hindi" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Xtrema Cine Hindi
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnZWM1KdQ-gyAoqnC8zsED5
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Xtrema Cine Latino" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Xtrema Cine Latino
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSns8HD1AmwScpUYBHcfmr_O
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Xtrema Cine Suspenso" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Xtrema Cine Suspenso
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmn0P4-PGASTh0pJBQvSSUz
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Xtrema Cine Terror" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Xtrema Cine Terror
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnQE6twigVESWRrFc3WbI6q
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Xtrema Retro Cartoons" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Xtrema Retro Cartoons
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlnerHeU8uFZrG76MWQ2F-f
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Xtrema Retro Series" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Xtrema Retro Series
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmod-4-OlsNlYp2S5h7wb6O
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Xtrema Series" group-title="CANAIS | ARGENTINA", Xtrema Series
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk5UiGdB0NhiASxwCrGA--J
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="15tv Sabinas" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", 15tv Sabinas
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm2o0fQV_eEx1-B9d2QFiG3
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="ADN 40" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", ADN 40
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkrHYp9WE5F2nbtA8aub5N-
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Alcance TV" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", Alcance TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkyC3-J5E0w0axmX4LxrVNK
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Antena TV" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", Antena TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlxiMMQbPNNIq_3fQw_whDM
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="B15" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", B15
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkb7QSYM1cMyeKfN953rx39
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Canal 10 Cancun" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", Canal 10 Cancun
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlFVAikF5CskasE22Q0uEAy
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Canal 10 Chiapas" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", Canal 10 Chiapas
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlKhNB5z1N8947cpf9FV02v
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Canal 15 ILCE Summa Sabres" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", Canal 15 ILCE Summa Sabres
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlFFpb83lZMm2GT3HNmEC6d
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Canal 26 Aguascalientes" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", Canal 26 Aguascalientes
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmqJL2YKsj1OldwV9cj5kY0
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Canal 28" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", Canal 28
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlV3fJ7ZJKLd8cKVR9Wgcma
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Canal Catorce" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", Canal Catorce
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmXia04TRC9X-YpI6-8GMmO
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Canal Ocho TV" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", Canal Ocho TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkQvytM6hinqvt2BTE-_akJ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Cartoon Network Mexico" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", Cartoon Network Mexico
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnTOX07k6kypXXHK3u_pJgl
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Cartoonito Mexico" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", Cartoonito Mexico
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl90mYO4MKamAYKFpVQvx0c
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="CorTV" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", CorTV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk63emhB18yhr3-MD_yiW8S
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="El 15 TV" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", El 15 TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmwexrPdnM2lhrXTdm1JAC1
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Estrella Games" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", Estrella Games
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn9_DpGKN7vSy-AQG5OH3mT
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Estrella News" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", Estrella News
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmrJTjYGu2NprZRtH85pPmW
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Estrella TV" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", Estrella TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnxFAiOBCiMgG-wKJRmx0dI
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Excelsior TV" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", Excelsior TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnAZF8_maVlj4RM5DvEinyq
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Expresa TV" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", Expresa TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl8t5bED1f5bg0ACFsiN5Wo
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Foro TV" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", Foro TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkI4iNiIMKNL_wkAP0LHJe4
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="IERTBCS Canal 8 La Paz" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", IERTBCS Canal 8 La Paz
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn9ZmqWh5UGqrWTNgs-IlsP
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="IMRyT" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", IMRyT
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlPgFtSjESfiERw1rHWz4dj
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Ingenio TV" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", Ingenio TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm-jwSY1NaHncCnyzal1lxK
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Jalisco TV" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", Jalisco TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnfMLITVoVoSxJxXZL2Ne7X
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Justicia TV" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", Justicia TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlwBLPd6pUUvB314E-pQ0LE
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Las Estrellas Latin America" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", Las Estrellas Latin America
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmAqimzEFHzY4rldPR0i7HJ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Lobo TV" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", Lobo TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmbiZgNQwlrQpc89OeoWgs7
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Maria Vision Mexico" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", Maria Vision Mexico
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl8jUa2kxr4r5ngiGO3WXOC
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Monte Maria" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", Monte Maria
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkNzco5Z3r4-jGBgcUvrpLd
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Noticias Canal 10" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", Noticias Canal 10
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkGgXp19HrLyYDm3HJ5Lm_4
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="NRT Mexico Canal 4" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", NRT Mexico Canal 4
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl4jIswyfTtgodz8yStmBY7
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Nueve TV San Luis Potosi" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", Nueve TV San Luis Potosi
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm6FcJbY5Wh1WbAqujkGk9a
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Once Mexico" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", Once Mexico
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn4VeFSVIsOJrrAxqlIuZyw
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Presumiendo Mexico" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", Presumiendo Mexico
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlP1KZSXKQtbGg2bV2dVktm
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="RCG TV" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", RCG TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnO780iPOCp_TxyCeDHa3gT
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Se?al Espa?a" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", Se?al Espa?a
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkeuCQKz2gQV0rCr6LjUrRy
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="SET Television Canal 26.1" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", SET Television Canal 26.1
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkD9xlrZyvRcxp1hmEyWwY9
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="SET Television Canal 26.2" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", SET Television Canal 26.2
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSki4GeOfca3aHzArczoOgW9
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Sistema Michoacano de TV" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", Sistema Michoacano de TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkTUS5QJ8EI_jICxSXR4trB
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="SQCS Canal 4" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", SQCS Canal 4
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlmFw8ZtiiGpWF6flpc0sPZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Super Channel 12" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", Super Channel 12
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn0eMw_Yq32ic0Oj9ACn3Yq
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TeleFormula" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", TeleFormula
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmugnLX607G4sM3SCjG_-IJ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Telemax" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", Telemax
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk3JH6gjSFa6fRlGlsIWBV9
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Teleritmo" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", Teleritmo
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkhSMGLtYfCns1P5GO7Mncx
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Televisa Aguascalientes" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", Televisa Aguascalientes
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnx3P_8nwQTstc1CoKwKamG
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Televisa Chihuahua" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", Televisa Chihuahua
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlTlQpmS3HIKv1Q3PubPhiP
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Televisa Ciudad Juarez" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", Televisa Ciudad Juarez
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmhx9xtWIePW-QxW3qn4LFS
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Televisa Del Bajio" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", Televisa Del Bajio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnWfDYUoCMAjcYfcobhXWHa
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Televisa Del Golfo" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", Televisa Del Golfo
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlbMT5bHo2y-e7_NYt3djQu
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Televisa Durango" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", Televisa Durango
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn_h5g3qbHZ2x29-IsGPMBW
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Televisa EDO MEX" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", Televisa EDO MEX
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlmWhJnLY_ZJXGt1wA2_dKK
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Televisa Ensenada" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", Televisa Ensenada
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlOIDcbXhI_nQTD4tSpjWRw
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Televisa Guadalajara" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", Televisa Guadalajara
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmrbJy66LyVT-PA21sGEErr
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Televisa Laguna" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", Televisa Laguna
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk7BkdVCFJNC4qWRl6cWRVk
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Televisa Mexicali" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", Televisa Mexicali
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmPUimkcRAYCwyvQi2ojzDt
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Televisa Morelos" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", Televisa Morelos
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkm9d6hlullqOpZSqa92U16
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Televisa Noreste" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", Televisa Noreste
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkDHCjgf3fkN_DCGC8QHjnL
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Televisa Puebla" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", Televisa Puebla
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnpRbPoFHmgJZ9CCcexZ5e4
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Televisa Queretaro" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", Televisa Queretaro
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkOVABIhYJiq_K0lYGI1mMl
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Televisa Quintana Roo" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", Televisa Quintana Roo
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnG5jwO5vbCGMVyK7WlrsY4
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Televisa Saltillo" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", Televisa Saltillo
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl0QSan6yz9XiRK58tLTcxJ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Televisa San Luis Potosi" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", Televisa San Luis Potosi
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn3JroY8t4_shLU1SjACxML
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Televisa Sinaloa" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", Televisa Sinaloa
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlK7AFeV230sklGnSPEhNa0
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Televisa Sonora" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", Televisa Sonora
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlIZInShDEGli2riIywLBhu
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Televisa Tijuana" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", Televisa Tijuana
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn1rLpotYtPqHt5yygZbkzV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Televisa Veracruz" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", Televisa Veracruz
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmDprVxsV6b15eeIMKdOYLe
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Televisa Victoria" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", Televisa Victoria
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmKGIq3-iN5Z6B_yOX55Z9e
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Televisa Yucatan" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", Televisa Yucatan
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnjMKcjguxUMFIM5qIo5VCm
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Televisa Zacatecas" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", Televisa Zacatecas
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn71D2BBCj3hoRrfbtxHCGY
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Tlaxcala Television" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", Tlaxcala Television
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnBOr3JXG_ma6TMvufKBVXv
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TRC Television" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", TRC Television
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlJaGCCNF0GybDXPihDFU40
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Turistik TV" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", Turistik TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm5bWAcI2xtQFStEZ9O5Mvu
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TV Azteca Noroeste (Monterrey)" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", TV Azteca Noroeste (Monterrey)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm97Ey2KNT3RQ43w-ulu5TT
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TV BUAP" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", TV BUAP
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk86aHsCmPI913xA2dcOi-L
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TV Cuatro 4.1" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", TV Cuatro 4.1
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkW6hMUWTjB-d91FbEnxw5K
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TV Cuatro 4.2" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", TV Cuatro 4.2
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlMG3hUJJjW-to9bmqVEKw_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TV Guanajuato" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", TV Guanajuato
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmbu-ZANLt4USfhFjD7xTCG
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TV Independencia" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", TV Independencia
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmQtQfFlNK75ZPEtdEnAMkR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TV Lobo Durango" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", TV Lobo Durango
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkOBjNHjR3e59hv4iRJL0JJ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TV Mar La Paz" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", TV Mar La Paz
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSla6g--_NISjaT_tsVLuCHh
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TV Mar Los Cabos" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", TV Mar Los Cabos
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmkvifVpgtO1hHRw54VJ1E2
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TV Mar Puerto Vallarta" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", TV Mar Puerto Vallarta
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmxhaIGa_p3JzMxW6tflKUc
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TV Migrante" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", TV Migrante
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSno887hUuXOJ8l36szIJaqY
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TV Nuevo Leon Canal 28" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", TV Nuevo Leon Canal 28
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnEfLM3y10wo6FPnVRdk6Q7
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TVMas" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", TVMas
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl14Oj8-V3WsOniTrlYuTLm
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TVMAS (XHGV-TDT)" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", TVMAS (XHGV-TDT)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn_yz6lO8CfPkUIV0zVjXnS
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TVP Culiacan" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", TVP Culiacan
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmYHOAx-kXT-MPVj1WHypeI
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TVP Los Mochis" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", TVP Los Mochis
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkviU-OT49WoE6BnWV4Q-Vx
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TVP Mazatlan" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", TVP Mazatlan
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkXd_ez8MLrc6qW92HLgE8V
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TVP Obregon" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", TVP Obregon
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlel4tCzRxZZ2KycFOB045U
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="UMTV" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", UMTV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmocJebj31_HQOk6oeaX_-J
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="VB Media TV" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", VB Media TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmRIsjhR1ZXWf0UXwWrRirr
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="ViX Jajaja" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", ViX Jajaja
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkFAJf-FhUlEqhV-DBDce4O
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="ViX Parejas" group-title="CANAIS | MEXICO", ViX Parejas
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnHOnpSQgQJGtMQ9sPwFa3F
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="20 Minutes TV" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", 20 Minutes TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn84sNGQv3I8mXAo2i5NCJC
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="4Kurd HD" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", 4Kurd HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk79aQmpI3XSjqIDP2t4dKU
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="4Turk" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", 4Turk
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnCL53xeu6Z4sHZWyFe1KQa
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="7ALimoges" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", 7ALimoges
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnWBRUXzARUUxlEhoPUa5N_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="A12 TV" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", A12 TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmCt9KJTjn7QYAvAlv2jQD9
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="ADN TV+" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", ADN TV+
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnpSa5SZImU7jT57X9QYTWe
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Africa 24" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Africa 24
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk-bQOQyyRhc9e6LdpxpfhX
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Albi TV" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Albi TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnRwx6K_m30JUFgQxMNGXQW
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Alpe d’Huez TV" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Alpe d’Huez TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmBshMp5Qk41NN8Zl3QeSpb
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Antenne Réunion" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Antenne Réunion
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSndQrxggY1sU_NF7VyVHd4y
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Assemblée Nationale" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Assemblée Nationale
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm4ex9Wcn51PZr3n7hD4wqg
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Astrocenter TV" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Astrocenter TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlbcaLWHukGVGa-STG-Okvz
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="AstrocenterTV" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", AstrocenterTV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmS0zLPvBbUDcrSPeI-btBP
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="B Smart" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", B Smart
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlqsMLN5Mxf8YUMQwsFG1uP
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Baby Alive Français" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Baby Alive Français
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn0hehT2tbkBN-3Ot4uZFE5
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="BBLACK! AFRICA" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", BBLACK! AFRICA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkO4TI32WdJG_xILpQrqdZR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="BBLACK! CARIBBEAN" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", BBLACK! CARIBBEAN
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm2HfS2iCm0XIQn3YoFn6OW
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="BBLACK! CLASSIK" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", BBLACK! CLASSIK
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSldU6KIk_PXsAQ63OtykCKn
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="BFM Alsace" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", BFM Alsace
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm0xMDcoQgmmHo0BfapG6Cs
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="BFM Business" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", BFM Business
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn2THlx8-eEQhQgu_22kKgM
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="BFM DICI Alpes du Sud" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", BFM DICI Alpes du Sud
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkS1s38GWsWRw3s-fx0qpny
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="BFM DICI Haute-Provence" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", BFM DICI Haute-Provence
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmUeW_a50HuPnwRdFjfgzZG
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="BFM Grand Lille" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", BFM Grand Lille
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkFV0sgGvzI_fMxRDhn8nHm
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="BFM Grand Lille" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", BFM Grand Lille
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmOlAHZien3SqK7vX8KcoRn
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="BFM Grand Littoral" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", BFM Grand Littoral
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk4ai3vkiJ3S_Sxm_jyPWH7
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="BFM Grand Littoral" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", BFM Grand Littoral
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmZyOHVQIe8g7pXUM5oJElq
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="BFM Lyon" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", BFM Lyon
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl0-cyI6q-HfE9Dc323gsCz
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="BFM Marseille" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", BFM Marseille
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnq0fHLX3qY6gdkD33I3qqY
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="BFM Nice Côte d'Azur" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", BFM Nice Côte d'Azur
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm8s28vohP2is5Qv9Vx0c-x
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="BFM Normandie" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", BFM Normandie
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmS0UyHbQtrMCyH_28PcA3D
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="BFM Paris Île-de-France" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", BFM Paris Île-de-France
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlfmQL0RieBhtNLETbj_2Ww
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="BFM Tech & Co" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", BFM Tech & Co
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk3B-L8Z07bS2w5eRobQCDp
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="BFM Toulon Var" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", BFM Toulon Var
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm8tuce-AgQkY0VPOgu-iyA
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="BFM TV" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", BFM TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlGN1pA_Pl7m8YKJspVFNy-
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="BibleVision Français" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", BibleVision Français
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkbw01-_Ky7KKBYmuMiWzks
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="BIP TV" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", BIP TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmUrs048y55cX-eBkf_8aON
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Boomerang France" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Boomerang France
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlsS_h7HqaY9gcTGOZbpKmf
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Brionnais TV" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Brionnais TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn-hGaxPEvIymzum2wirOkd
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="C8" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", C8
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmyyDiOrSUrN-x5zewwcgkn
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="C8" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", C8
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn2-0RjOCU2HujNyq0auqY-
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Canal 32" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Canal 32
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn6RBiAxptha3LzO0TkmagB
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Canal 32" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Canal 32
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnO43Zgkb_skzRCtkZ1Giwo
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Canal Local Grosbliederstroff" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Canal Local Grosbliederstroff
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmyUxIknnV32nYppkXwUhqC
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Cats Family en Français" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Cats Family en Français
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkayMlrkFZ1DKzZbJSaue-n
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Central TV" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Central TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkJhZIUsjQQc5w67lPtb_Y9
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Chérie 25" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Chérie 25
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmL8jfoJrJSilS_seyKN3mU
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="CNews" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", CNews
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkNA7kkIfRtPNjyMSyT70yX
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="D5Music" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", D5Music
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkqfxyZyhGnX60FGIPqCE3G
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="D5tv" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", D5tv
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnKgDVKjbx5l1eh_w3aX9T9
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="D5TV" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", D5TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnqKdVbHh-niqtQrXAfq-t-
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="DBM" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", DBM
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmIhCTm4VVI0GP-lln7fZs1
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="DBM TV" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", DBM TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnpCGlqQ3smQ7Z639lDnLBk
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="DC Kids Français" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", DC Kids Français
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnGZEYI5dvNZbVV2kM5nPzT
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="DieuTV" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", DieuTV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnB-N99i5Zz7_aRSP4y6_V8
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="DreamWorksTV Français" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", DreamWorksTV Français
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkZDVd2gOq1ceoM70MzVTtz
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Ere TV" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Ere TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl7A65d6hVGXHVmcr0otT7d
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Euronews Albania" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Euronews Albania
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlmyXcYZfZiomnr8iDquofu
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Euronews Bulgaria" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Euronews Bulgaria
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl9xtNqlQXjUJJORHwjVjzI
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Euronews English" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Euronews English
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnpRuWa2U5pB2rL0PoZ2Y47
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Euronews English" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Euronews English
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkwR6qe4G1XkIa8w0JouMqY
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Euronews English" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Euronews English
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm1ufFyXKt5nH56z0TaIDjY
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Euronews English" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Euronews English
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnPtFh_UO84iDWboA3rnY4f
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Euronews French" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Euronews French
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmNf91-6_Z8NawhWMjSKRz0
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Euronews French" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Euronews French
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlv-LteLbDINYYjUAthQwkc
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Euronews French" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Euronews French
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlkR12cWxQxCl-MWjV8TEx8
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Euronews German" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Euronews German
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnhwr0wtkWH0xN8v3mgOcCY
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Euronews German" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Euronews German
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkCBOSSfpkcOXJkzdneB53n
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Euronews Greek" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Euronews Greek
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnqQWz0zES0I4nY_M4UUCPG
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Euronews Hungary" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Euronews Hungary
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnR1KmqhetCxdK-6obUGrlQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Euronews Italian" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Euronews Italian
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlBcdsRf-mfCZAmvQ1K4P7j
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Euronews Italian" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Euronews Italian
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmGr2J-nrd3FyjbkldaSjSv
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Euronews Portuguese" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Euronews Portuguese
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmqKa2PwBrU7aovJEMzRnj3
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Euronews Portuguese" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Euronews Portuguese
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmgUFqOgyl2_21YpTA4cT6a
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Euronews Russian" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Euronews Russian
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlF6fFPl1jBIh4le6y71Vxs
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Euronews Russian" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Euronews Russian
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn5E2JQMR1v03HQp0sg8Dly
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Euronews Serbia" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Euronews Serbia
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmQNSAyh8a4UpanFF9Dafh8
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Euronews Spanish" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Euronews Spanish
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlvFvJARAjOCheyxuUK0irM
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Euronews Spanish" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Euronews Spanish
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSktJMPwcxqQ0Y2ijJvbex-n
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Euronews по-русски (480p)" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Euronews по-русски (480p)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmnrwjUySgyWz2VgWzxAue6
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Europe1" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Europe1
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnZxvCmHYGjGuTAzI6BQ803
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Evangélisation des Nations (EVDN)" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Evangélisation des Nations (EVDN)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkwml4m56GMziikIPrBeepI
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="FashionTV Czech&Slovak" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", FashionTV Czech&Slovak
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk-rN0aiH1nHlb6jrDq6zIS
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="France 24 Arabic" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", France 24 Arabic
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnixgPtvUKx8b88tTMUGap5
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="France 24 English" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", France 24 English
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk5j92nAYBe3VNblVBBtb3L
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="France 24 Español" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", France 24 Español
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmAv26cqGNnk8PuZwJSAci1
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="France 24 French" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", France 24 French
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkWxCDqLmZOM0QqW492g2hr
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="France Bleu Elsass" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", France Bleu Elsass
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk3Ib8Ol-9o9Dxw-LH90ccg
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="France Inter" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", France Inter
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnKAM2nY1Vyrem-F3aOexVA
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Franceinfo" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Franceinfo
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn1IP9FYVVtWx-Tye4vYXqm
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="FranceInfo" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", FranceInfo
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnJGWYI6eF6fxelo4NXt6OQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="FranceInfo Radio" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", FranceInfo Radio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnjPKzGnNRz-CBbQQTXkokf
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="FranceInter" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", FranceInter
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmOmVysxNzHukG_4REaccbj
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Francophonie" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Francophonie
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlfjLHlScpyI7fzepo0r6u0
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Francophonie24" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Francophonie24
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmt0vhqQRW_RPCHVFrjQ8_W
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Fun Radio" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Fun Radio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkaR2pbncvKGd9bDl6rZZos
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Fun Radio" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Fun Radio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn6Girhzs0owE5xr8I9EvIh
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Generations TV" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Generations TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkqL9sGsqjNGvjcTLZ0PjXF
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Gulli" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Gulli
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSknxP0KgmAmDhosMmNJsvlc
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="HANDICAP TV France" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", HANDICAP TV France
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnw3aVROaUCKJV2GoZV5KP6
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="HolyGod TV" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", HolyGod TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmg0flCx1OMXXdr9ha5btk6
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="ILTV" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", ILTV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmVKjUgqqihNs2zOn-v6dkO
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="IncrediTales Français" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", IncrediTales Français
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmoNbBiHqDtim9jR0bt5_H2
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Kosmo FR" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Kosmo FR
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlhZZU127FwTezEwluwNy-B
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="KTO" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", KTO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmNtSA0pMKq7j3W9KoA0utx
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="L'EQUIPE 21 TV" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", L'EQUIPE 21 TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmlWgaXv5PSG6GZFFObfWKb
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="L'EQUIPE 21 TV 2" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", L'EQUIPE 21 TV 2
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk4mA47MPWlsUh04LMR0i79
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="L'Esprit Sorcier TV" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", L'Esprit Sorcier TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk71lWuayN-ZRnAPtVfY-fy
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="la chaîne 32" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", la chaîne 32
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkBY3qB2MzYSeCdrp3O08vt
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="La Petite Sorcière Tanny" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", La Petite Sorcière Tanny
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm-AtEHMego9GO3x7tC90jr
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="LE FIGARO IDF" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", LE FIGARO IDF
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSniwlJSDKvxwqaXmBhzkqff
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="LE FIGARO IDF" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", LE FIGARO IDF
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlZ_vYmB47CswunEXNQjEOZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Le Media" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Le Media
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnd7rJLOs7Z5On-HTgtlNXS
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Lyon Capitale TV" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Lyon Capitale TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlBoqOAsgIvkt0_uRj_PIY0
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Maison&Travaux" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Maison&Travaux
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlsn5tk-_AiMM03wZKxj49j
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Maurienne TV" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Maurienne TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmbYNnpGf3tRoEIfhC5JwSU
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="MCM Top" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", MCM Top
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm0mYQ6eGs_fzAjMDP_KGSW
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="MDL" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", MDL
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkljKlLiFHVaYTNY4T6WE20
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Men's Up" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Men's Up
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlIvoeB4Xmx3BoB6qzJCdDx
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Mezzo" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Mezzo
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk0Yw3_KWwBTlSuWr37uC3W
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Mosaik Cristal" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Mosaik Cristal
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSklROkKzAfMCpbfRQjEM7Qd
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Mouv" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Mouv
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmXY-Vv65gWKsNY6VF0V0tR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="MTV France" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", MTV France
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm-9rOr6j3dJUx4gtADAJAo
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="MTV Hits France" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", MTV Hits France
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlxRHTqIQh5pzLLcGbsvsN4
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="MTV Hits France" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", MTV Hits France
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmQBpE0qVB2v7Ab_RbKxvBF
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Museum TV" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Museum TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlo9Cr2xhlM2DXHVN-Z0D4t
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="MyZen TV" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", MyZen TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlJtcpx0t41tnp76KgwYejp
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="N31" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", N31
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm_B5iJ0bz3lriNm4HPcbiA
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Nancy Web TV" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Nancy Web TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnnd649ahQCjkNjFNf7McVN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="NLM TV" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", NLM TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmC8E6BKmuAHw0Pv-oSBfRh
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="NRJ 12" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", NRJ 12
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmpEccE1ICSoVGkGyZHN1Ua
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="P2M TV" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", P2M TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSltxlwAG7TYGb-Rmpbl1R1J
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Pearl Diffusion" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Pearl Diffusion
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkrzLlEU9IZcwdV7QahDrrA
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Peppa Pig Français" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Peppa Pig Français
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmpGOStBXbr37pgbCLFXNjV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Persiana Cinema" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Persiana Cinema
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmWPRya4klVVPnUrb8KoDKk
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Persiana Cinema" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Persiana Cinema
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlGzwgVUuCdbir9K2OHVUzZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Persiana Comedy" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Persiana Comedy
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlx6RnNcRgwTVM0HnXhpVrU
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Persiana Comedy" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Persiana Comedy
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnz_WhJLLqMIsWfwV8FIugO
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Persiana Family" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Persiana Family
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSme3J3CkjNoOnui_K_Rwmw5
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Persiana Family" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Persiana Family
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkVuS0D86Rfu0cZZc8sCMRt
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Persiana Family Plus" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Persiana Family Plus
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnxvyHkR0DIRlfjU-2ymRH4
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Persiana Game & Tech" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Persiana Game & Tech
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnWVnrO5WiEIkIikH4yr-Tw
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Persiana HD" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Persiana HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn6kYUAk4ADwsugiRrq0G1a
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Persiana Iranian" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Persiana Iranian
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm4pXZZIQCsPBn-XW9WJl54
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Persiana Iranian" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Persiana Iranian
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmXh_fFSDxBPwzKuiHuMBLf
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Persiana Junior" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Persiana Junior
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlV2UTz5bY64D7Mxfq15_RK
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Persiana Junior" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Persiana Junior
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnFCPwz1DDk_bYGX0vNAl1y
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Persiana Korea" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Persiana Korea
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn5dimSA8t7bUmqDWhyPPRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Persiana Korea" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Persiana Korea
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkdGoW4z0usEzsiLs-3pUMP
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Persiana Music" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Persiana Music
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnKpEsy9xEO84fSxWfZ6X9v
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Persiana Music" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Persiana Music
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnwwulCZt8iQs5ii2Yt76mq
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Persiana Nostalgia" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Persiana Nostalgia
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlvvN87i7TpEeu9zJv6J3g7
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Persiana Nostalgia" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Persiana Nostalgia
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkP_-r3qHq9JA9qP_34aKMC
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Persiana One" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Persiana One
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlpdg9O-vMt8FWCv_g0Dg18
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Persiana Plus" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Persiana Plus
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmWm6BkGQa3UFtHnrKkN5MJ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Persiana Plus" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Persiana Plus
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlpF6Ux0jmI3qYlCCOGePjT
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Persiana Rap" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Persiana Rap
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkrSFd3_L9dGOOsWK5W5Veq
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Persiana Sonnati" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Persiana Sonnati
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlcRR0bSRqj3nhxMN2jaX61
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Persiana Sonnati" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Persiana Sonnati
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnOfAT5YOAGxPmj_uwn4yZT
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Persiana Sports" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Persiana Sports
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnqUPmpbiI4VdW7amnCgLQD
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Persiana Varzesh" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Persiana Varzesh
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmnFORlWbJNiO-7WpZzXaNC
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="POCOYO en FRANÇAIS" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", POCOYO en FRANÇAIS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnObtiahwk3Bjr3XgMB8RIy
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Poker TV" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Poker TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm-Up6zZytcKZ87Q6dEcmHR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Public Senat" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Public Senat
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm7MRYl5oIBTZxiK048vFzv
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Puissance Télévision" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Puissance Télévision
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlZ60lGG5fqTuLKMQdNbKZT
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Pyjamasques" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Pyjamasques
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmOaNPxP-r-6gK7-oyHu4g6
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Reveil TV SAT" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Reveil TV SAT
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnnZDtzJFtR-mODoEJotLyC
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="RFI" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", RFI
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmhcucaJkrMpEp1HHWoTEZC
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="RTL" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", RTL
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm7uO9YV7aBVEoZZGp0IgJL
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="RTL 2" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", RTL 2
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmku3xWYEjeAm0Ls9brZtol
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Sophia TV" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Sophia TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmE5Fsast-Fo0iE_jlP9Yv3
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Sophia TV" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Sophia TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm8j_20xoPxWoHc626AYG1p
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Sport En France" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Sport En France
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlZG1Ij_waf85e9EJAqbg_x
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Sport En France" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Sport En France
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm98qH6qTFzGMW6NcG9bUQr
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Sport En France" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Sport En France
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm1To2PlHPq0HpCGPJRNdHc
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="SQOOL TV (STK)" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", SQOOL TV (STK)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSld1R2SDV4YBfMZfDUDkxuV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="StudioQualita" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", StudioQualita
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnzXxosarD_qZWIfeO_-mFR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Sud Radio" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Sud Radio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkt3aZpXGE8zkSNleGTjA4m
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Super Truck Français" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Super Truck Français
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk86fDJmRl6L0vV13MX2ldE
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TeleNantes" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", TeleNantes
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlrjrhgvsOkOYhueWhAEEig
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TeleSud" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", TeleSud
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlrk6R4ecp6SmegH19OTsGS
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TL7 Loire" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", TL7 Loire
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlfqShM4wYHOlVH9d0aFB1O
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TopSanté" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", TopSanté
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSncHtPd7n2b3V4EqUz-rQSP
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Trace Latina" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Trace Latina
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlhxcajtfv_MOVp9BLHv2Us
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TV Finance" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", TV Finance
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkqt_HcEk287FQKSwcTzlES
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TV Pitchoun" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", TV Pitchoun
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkmWe0S4WuBi6kroNm9EYlk
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TV Tours" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", TV Tours
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn2NWKfhLIIJHuf9lICiR8Y
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TV Vendée" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", TV Vendée
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkctjCYLmNV2AL646w5sc3D
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TV3V" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", TV3V
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnRIqVcLqdX_dvZp9ixL9oH
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TV3V" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", TV3V
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnnrZiSsZCBrSa8P8Z76Bed
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TV5Monde Europe" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", TV5Monde Europe
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSngIv-Wvze05qA4JThnByGa
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TV5Monde France Belgique Suisse Monaco" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", TV5Monde France Belgique Suisse Monaco
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkhY3jyFgTLbjqWjTNn62w-
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TV5Monde Info" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", TV5Monde Info
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnhkXsmaAUTLK48AACuVdHr
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TV5Monde Maghreb-Orient" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", TV5Monde Maghreb-Orient
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk8oP8kJEF3K0eVRlHj__VH
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TV5Monde Pacifique" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", TV5Monde Pacifique
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlN0PFTv6Zj5IWwc-JlUwgJ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TV5Monde Style" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", TV5Monde Style
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlU7LaCgClNupWCVrgd5QzJ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TV7 Bordeaux" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", TV7 Bordeaux
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSljTGXLwjpOVIT4krijciqe
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TV7 Bordeaux" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", TV7 Bordeaux
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkSDW5LwY4DlCzMBVd1uBzr
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TV7 Colmar" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", TV7 Colmar
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnG0kL6B2-HGrrkUZWDkzpA
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TV78" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", TV78
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlTWQ8AV5HK7PkGhzXd9euK
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TV8 Mont Blanc" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", TV8 Mont Blanc
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmvdDYJuk63F-E2hZPhl7Qi
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TVPI Bayonne" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", TVPI Bayonne
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnbGImEoPjZ4M03h_ktMzM4
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TVR (Bretagne)" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", TVR (Bretagne)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlLyN2rT_5qnq-O5ICElCtw
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TZiK" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", TZiK
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl_RgaVBMeAoL7ZW9H34UNe
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Tébéo TV" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Tébéo TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnNTjaGL3Wa-bNpx94gIqxR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TébéSud" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", TébéSud
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkF3XN5xc4ctIACCEKdgNgP
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TéléGohelle" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", TéléGohelle
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkPn5lbSOVbkExWL1yuaU92
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Télénantes" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Télénantes
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlYcAQClZe0anEGWFJIBHkT
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Télévision Locale du Choletais" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Télévision Locale du Choletais
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmjgZL79JHnnJpoeYyj8tPC
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="ViàMatélé" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", ViàMatélé
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmVciZjlsmLZLjlgI9dbUim
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="viàMoselleTV" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", viàMoselleTV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSknmGGq78aqpf2tweVWPkxb
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="viàOccitanie" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", viàOccitanie
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmBknT33YitKS3YKtXmF5CP
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="viàTéléPaese" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", viàTéléPaese
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlHrYrjTrh8clOGJe1xJ0b9
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Vosges Télévision" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Vosges Télévision
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlmSiRymH4mZGeMgaf6tyav
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="WB Kids Français" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", WB Kids Français
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkS3UHZPAYyvVrjN2NN15dE
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Wéo (Hauts-de-France)" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Wéo (Hauts-de-France)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmyAaZjzoDycEnBnr4Tkirj
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Wéo (Picardie)" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Wéo (Picardie)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSngzHEA5u_snyP6xAV4ALLT
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Ère TV" group-title="CANAIS | FRANÇA", Ère TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkewsRfgR4PPeEKgume3OAW
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="247 Retro TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", 247 Retro TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlyeEHJWeJcCo3NYzj39cPh
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="30A Answers That Count" group-title="CANAIS | USA", 30A Answers That Count
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk399OZC5TZHg8lqxEfZ3yH
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="30A Darcizzle Offshore" group-title="CANAIS | USA", 30A Darcizzle Offshore
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmMKkwU630mFyZGMh43Ythn
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="30A Georgia Hollywood Review TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", 30A Georgia Hollywood Review TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSki0wUBMLOprdeO0g4oQ2zt
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="30A Golf Kingdom" group-title="CANAIS | USA", 30A Golf Kingdom
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkyw5uJRA6q3NX-71Uka52y
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="30A Investment Pitch" group-title="CANAIS | USA", 30A Investment Pitch
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl4LFgh8iWDkJHOZZcLGGYI
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="30A Investment Pitch" group-title="CANAIS | USA", 30A Investment Pitch
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkkhvkbbn8Y1QjuE0XH5qJx
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="30A Lionel Nation TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", 30A Lionel Nation TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkjbKY_E3tdCSua7uQ3Rypd
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="30A Loomered TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", 30A Loomered TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkshi24PRHVJmOa2GPY44ZY
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="30A Luxe Life Discovered" group-title="CANAIS | USA", 30A Luxe Life Discovered
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl4sWlYway17Kuf2G3dsjz8
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="30A Music" group-title="CANAIS | USA", 30A Music
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm_GDsQjU0NSmh2bkPeAwFN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="30A Music Channel" group-title="CANAIS | USA", 30A Music Channel
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmZIS34RYphCfygZq51gBe2
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="30A Sidewalks" group-title="CANAIS | USA", 30A Sidewalks
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn4Lra2-vx84mL1kPa8H6X7
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="30A Television Channel" group-title="CANAIS | USA", 30A Television Channel
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkeKtWfn0Ed87gRkqzrfz3o
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="30A The Beach Show" group-title="CANAIS | USA", 30A The Beach Show
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnE08CYBnHaRnc0dWZ7-Zhz
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="30A TV Classic Movies" group-title="CANAIS | USA", 30A TV Classic Movies
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl6B8CanscXh_ZgfWol8UFg
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="30A We Love Cars" group-title="CANAIS | USA", 30A We Love Cars
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnJjEhTXNHteWVG02sKHKZh
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="48 Hours (Pluto TV)" group-title="CANAIS | USA", 48 Hours (Pluto TV)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkUGRf-aL5OoEkTi1j8YDTW
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="911 NETWORK" group-title="CANAIS | USA", 911 NETWORK
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmyG67R8hnI_qeKNZPuHn6P
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="AACTV America's Auction Channel" group-title="CANAIS | USA", AACTV America's Auction Channel
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkOCXOkigSzQxPvNobz3QQf
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="ABC 25 News Central Texas (KXXV-DT1)" group-title="CANAIS | USA", ABC 25 News Central Texas (KXXV-DT1)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmls6GpRKv1ixHJ4ltuRuIj
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="ABC 5 (KRGV 5.1)" group-title="CANAIS | USA", ABC 5 (KRGV 5.1)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlZk4W164jKtkbY74cL2OpL
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="ABC News" group-title="CANAIS | USA", ABC News
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlngwIvwdDc24v0BBbxH-fR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="ABN Africa" group-title="CANAIS | USA", ABN Africa
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmNaS0rRMvcK0dv9UgiLTsV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="ABN Aramaic Broadcasting Network" group-title="CANAIS | USA", ABN Aramaic Broadcasting Network
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm0N1RVH58mjsxaYgClUiYU
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="ABN Bible Movies" group-title="CANAIS | USA", ABN Bible Movies
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlESUI7HIqlxRTSidkNcR0G
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="ABN China" group-title="CANAIS | USA", ABN China
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlA6AWWOwz3OjV6EFlAi5q1
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="ABN TV India" group-title="CANAIS | USA", ABN TV India
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmaOoYKalkof7RyIzJ1m24d
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="ABN Urdu" group-title="CANAIS | USA", ABN Urdu
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlE5AtnAvr4QrDOj23JTZho
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="ACC Network" group-title="CANAIS | USA", ACC Network
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnIg7_T7BJLxJb6_TJ1E0En
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Actionable" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Actionable
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmvjwujLa3LA5SrBOfuP_2z
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="ACTV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", ACTV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmqL6JQCREC_PThh62Tc2Vk
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Adult Swim East" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Adult Swim East
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlLXk8A50vK963hxTDLs-km
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Adult Swim West" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Adult Swim West
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnfmANjuLNhU8p7k095BwcQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Adventure Sports TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Adventure Sports TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmZK-5ltoLcJUrpW-pQI7R3
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Aghapy Kids" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Aghapy Kids
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkyxsitzAj6F82ms7YeDMKB
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Akaku 53 (Hawaii)" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Akaku 53 (Hawaii)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmc7LtVr5k7E24GyCIxbmuz
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Akaku 54 (Hawaii)" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Akaku 54 (Hawaii)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlesK5hoERtH3Hl71byhLWt
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Akaku 55 (Hawaii)" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Akaku 55 (Hawaii)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmYbtNiSvBiy6LtkWEqHe9i
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="AKC TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", AKC TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlheXj-SRaKc7ITvp691PcN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="AKC TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", AKC TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn0XmHSve1wOCKUN7QJMrff
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="AKC TV Meet The Breeds" group-title="CANAIS | USA", AKC TV Meet The Breeds
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnOBplFNT2OGsvJLc5IjPDm
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="AKC TV Puppies 24/7" group-title="CANAIS | USA", AKC TV Puppies 24/7
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlYIXbWIPIEuldvxb64KCXd
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Al Horreya TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Al Horreya TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnJUo-MYajenMKnIsP3fjMZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Al Horreya TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Al Horreya TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn2zAOvUL9s0dISXXeeJOXU
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Al-Fady TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Al-Fady TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlM-HW4BE7gy7d4jAQZwJhe
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Al-MahdiTV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Al-MahdiTV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSml8MbBOIl_mzUBEDKTCrAb
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Alan Becker TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Alan Becker TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmR8vYDm2ilNBWhgZ89HaLO
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="AlbDreams TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", AlbDreams TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnlig2P6srCum1HxPIonNbn
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Alhurra" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Alhurra
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk_mIid1ks-nhKBucSZBxNh
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Alhurra" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Alhurra
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmPbF5U9NUeK-EWzR7xhEpY
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Alhurra Iraq" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Alhurra Iraq
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk8556si2yAtXJF8ewrfA5M
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Aliento Vision" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Aliento Vision
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlFZH7VeBQF8YwIHVU8v6JM
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Aliento Vision" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Aliento Vision
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmc3YEUlXDQuElYeBCyUSoC
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Alkarma TV Australia" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Alkarma TV Australia
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkRdLokFYkdDRPtngjYpiw8
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Alkarma TV Australia" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Alkarma TV Australia
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlo0jEEOgHorq7YWJBJhgh8
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Alkarma TV Family" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Alkarma TV Family
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnKXgJWz6ddSMjSJ2PUYepy
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Alkarma TV Middle East" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Alkarma TV Middle East
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkpidRC7OBKx-Y1dQAgWxOm
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Alkarma TV North America & Canada" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Alkarma TV North America & Canada
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmebiZUXr4cPReoJJXqOpdP
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Alkarma TV Praise" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Alkarma TV Praise
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlUAfQL2cVu0RybkOmbfacm
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Alkarma TV Talmaza (Discipleship)" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Alkarma TV Talmaza (Discipleship)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkIA67zG39UqwBcl1tSYLL1
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Alkarma TV Youth & English" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Alkarma TV Youth & English
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlz_ga2XUbpcJv1BemuIwf1
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Alkerazatv" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Alkerazatv
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkHTaMX_2-P4r2OeGRHxc7S
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Almagd TV Middle East" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Almagd TV Middle East
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlMZKbRFcHgGpydIx1Om3Wg
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Almagd TV North America" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Almagd TV North America
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnhHjybdt8uBrcCZ01ti2hl
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="America's Voice" group-title="CANAIS | USA", America's Voice
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmMZDbZIvCh0EnkrJcO6Ehe
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="American Horrors" group-title="CANAIS | USA", American Horrors
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmCQRa2Lu-N5Dg0l4nOLg3T
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="AMG TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", AMG TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkELHYiJWH-sAQEjqFYqezy
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Amga TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Amga TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlFuZrJvTpyJp4bsJmmQfNz
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Andisheh TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Andisheh TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk5k4KCtzwLP-9ncum8NJpj
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="ARTN TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", ARTN TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl-vja17fPaFkh4ojfb0BxC
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="ATD" group-title="CANAIS | USA", ATD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnh4JImjTG9sRa9qA_sZ-ML
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Audio Dungeon" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Audio Dungeon
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkDf5i1JwR1XEDpN93ah4c6
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="AWE Encore" group-title="CANAIS | USA", AWE Encore
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnUKADUcBIXAN2gdDaoJqek
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="AXS TV NOW" group-title="CANAIS | USA", AXS TV NOW
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmsgYILLllC08k5Npg3ve7D
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="AXS TV NOW" group-title="CANAIS | USA", AXS TV NOW
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnEH0BR_aQ-eTMLL6Mtgmil
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Ayeneh TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Ayeneh TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkBySryRQbSKMlxMxgZRIz6
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Azteca Valle (KRGV 5.2)" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Azteca Valle (KRGV 5.2)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlZsv-nKoS0N_lL8Y8YIkQ4
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="BabyFirst" group-title="CANAIS | USA", BabyFirst
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnVURPMo_W8Zy-tyvFysJrw
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Banning CityTV (Banning CA)" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Banning CityTV (Banning CA)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmNKDqnSUjYxRST07WFE89t
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="BBC America" group-title="CANAIS | USA", BBC America
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmaNgtCCRBJMx1fYns4o25R
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Beach TV CSULB (160p)" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Beach TV CSULB (160p)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSndyT9-eobhEROCbJ3i6YFf
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Beach TV Florida & Alabama" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Beach TV Florida & Alabama
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlsWYquTVZ0aS4oomI-J-Tw
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Beach TV Florida & Alabama" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Beach TV Florida & Alabama
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlx5nIceRifE3sOrvCGNqjZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Beach TV Key West & Florida Keys" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Beach TV Key West & Florida Keys
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlPAixfCfvTIhNmZKb-p0VP
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Beach TV Myrtle Beach & The Grand Strand" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Beach TV Myrtle Beach & The Grand Strand
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlN4QZCEaLVun8oSg1ZTB7Q
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Beach TV Myrtle Beach & The Grand Strand" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Beach TV Myrtle Beach & The Grand Strand
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl9MMdyVevUXXzO5Sw4BjE0
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Beach TV Panama City" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Beach TV Panama City
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlLwQ_1DfkDoNePWJz7SAmA
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Beach TV Panama City" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Beach TV Panama City
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmmKhTF3942r2j_JxK4opT5
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="BEK TV News" group-title="CANAIS | USA", BEK TV News
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnBa5Rfq0CGqn4_csZ9aaPz
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="BEK TV Sports West" group-title="CANAIS | USA", BEK TV Sports West
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnOok4GCf1TEEdqkL4L1L-9
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Better Health TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Better Health TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmPigmVCWm-SF7pNTf2ba4u
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Better Health TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Better Health TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmZwEHD7xq3GSfhAUxlQW2z
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Better Life Nature Channel" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Better Life Nature Channel
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkw0yHCKgSYMpfAGIO9eORF
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Better Life Nature Channel" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Better Life Nature Channel
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkowLuekPaBDJfm11FuZ7sd
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Better Life TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Better Life TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnMGsIXVNM6-yWNaSXTNK2R
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Big City TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Big City TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlnVL6t_qGcfBlazCwiKrnN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Biz TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Biz TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkEg7nxaez2zDCfdVR-P9No
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Biz TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Biz TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn3K7Q92RIGgOfdzN1i-uT8
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Bloomberg Quicktake" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Bloomberg Quicktake
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmVW9ZHUXvvAKGW0n73HOV9
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Bloomberg TV Asia" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Bloomberg TV Asia
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkt8NUNKL9SY5qmtErcvBTI
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Bloomberg TV Asia" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Bloomberg TV Asia
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnA7eLVuoIvFZhRvN8jDrbl
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Bloomberg TV Asia Live Event" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Bloomberg TV Asia Live Event
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnNH4OmuAQA3Z0kmo57-TUa
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Bloomberg TV Australia" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Bloomberg TV Australia
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmZbEdq1sFIy8oj48DvR7k7
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Bloomberg TV EMEA Live Event" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Bloomberg TV EMEA Live Event
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmpIM3llz5jzI8uooUaq982
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Bloomberg TV Europe" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Bloomberg TV Europe
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn-XbbLMxG-UZW9uA9EuN_Q
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Bloomberg TV US" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Bloomberg TV US
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl-yUHrmEUK-clkPAjsbDWt
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Bloomberg TV US Live Event" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Bloomberg TV US Live Event
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSltOnGWoDzFBzqL_28jOiYQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Bloomberg TV US Politics Live Event" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Bloomberg TV US Politics Live Event
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkBSEvFGay9z9bXj9AgYeLN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Bloomberg TV+" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Bloomberg TV+
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSljXnSR4PjEAUUMzfmqqB61
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Bloomfield Access Government TV (BATV) (Bloomfield CT)" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Bloomfield Access Government TV (BATV) (Bloomfield CT)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSke6vAPoGAJWDT24qhs3cBx
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Bloomfield Access TV Channel 5 (BATV) (Bloomfield CT)" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Bloomfield Access TV Channel 5 (BATV) (Bloomfield CT)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSllu-bc8aREhoVidmV0TLSl
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="BLUES TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", BLUES TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlMfASQbT-01w7fx7nwhrF6
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Boomerang Latinoamérica" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Boomerang Latinoamérica
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSntkVCGPqMc12yEoFpVVHNw
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="bspoketv" group-title="CANAIS | USA", bspoketv
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnoyiY1bKjwM5fKvorHI9BR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Business Rockstars" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Business Rockstars
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkZhKVLW4jOfny72nGB-1Rt
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Buzzr" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Buzzr
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkFIJ45HmplBu-NoDtJRwsR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="BYU TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", BYU TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnF0sxB5mEjqM8ZPUpnq4iq
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="California Music Channel" group-title="CANAIS | USA", California Music Channel
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlxFUa1MkiEcTDTRsWF5ke8
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Camera Smile" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Camera Smile
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnnDrqoGYDlIhFw3A9VIkbe
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Camera Smile TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Camera Smile TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm-Ek2ay6R3-OrQH8nYCFty
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Camp Spoopy" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Camp Spoopy
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmTD7fsvD1S1vxj_gXhY-LU
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Car Magazine TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Car Magazine TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnxEX2zDauQYUi3pLoywkrJ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Cartoon Network East TVE Feed" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Cartoon Network East TVE Feed
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmFspKvooXCwMCpDPjbusEW
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Cartoon Network West TVE Feed" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Cartoon Network West TVE Feed
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm5KfhoWm46aHUHoVAG203Y
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Catholic TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Catholic TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnrxPoxQSErGQLzzVostvXI
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="CBN Español" group-title="CANAIS | USA", CBN Español
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnal5av4HLmDNN71l26aICS
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="CBN News National" group-title="CANAIS | USA", CBN News National
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSngey1kz5Z1WKX3HOwyP41P
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="CBS 12 KWCH Weather Channel / Always On Storm Team 12" group-title="CANAIS | USA", CBS 12 KWCH Weather Channel / Always On Storm Team 12
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm41KzSt3kFcInsZYUwY-GW
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="CBS Sports Golazo Network" group-title="CANAIS | USA", CBS Sports Golazo Network
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm1Q2cEIUgwZ6M9Sg25jTzW
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Celebrity Scene TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Celebrity Scene TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm-zmR3LJM_KUTEmwwCBVSn
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="CFN Catholic Faith Network" group-title="CANAIS | USA", CFN Catholic Faith Network
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmNNYGUO3-8G9OCyaO_uMul
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Charge!" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Charge!
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlHw7Ks-w4GSGHdMVbCDf_V
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Chef Champion" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Chef Champion
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl3FacYNBETXi6z9FNt_wP7
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Chef Roc Show" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Chef Roc Show
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnVIFach_vyr3SwgnZLKUOd
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Chive TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Chive TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlP5XjcP3X8e6jSXi5GY78B
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Christian Youth Channel (CYC)" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Christian Youth Channel (CYC)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlenaUnSIQMl9a1gM13gdDY
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Christian Youth Channel (CYC)" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Christian Youth Channel (CYC)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkQVpvHcDHzQD76myHbOpgF
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="CineLife" group-title="CANAIS | USA", CineLife
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkeixRWAvF_IFeMp4V_iXKB
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Cinemax East" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Cinemax East
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl8MRbi2Jx46AaosDTZLd2A
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="CinePride" group-title="CANAIS | USA", CinePride
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkHYAa1LfAIFGMsNgDOGNWn
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Civilized." group-title="CANAIS | USA", Civilized.
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnMyCUemY_waV87lns5vzvR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Classic Arts Showcase" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Classic Arts Showcase
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkI4cWISA8v5fQCIhUMLF4Q
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Classic Cinema" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Classic Cinema
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmwhNVjLr8dmmSpE66jSQn_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Classic Reels TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Classic Reels TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmjOCiZL5KqeQC6lce2Srmz
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Cloudflare TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Cloudflare TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnjOqEORrIZQr8N0hGABpaQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="CMC (California Music Channel)" group-title="CANAIS | USA", CMC (California Music Channel)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm8HKaKobQ7qMKHI6aGdlin
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="CNBC Europe" group-title="CANAIS | USA", CNBC Europe
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmwgRzwi_a2bJ1OR2OPxM-w
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="CNBC Indonesia" group-title="CANAIS | USA", CNBC Indonesia
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmFiXqlti3DfNbfbM8kSOFd
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="CNN Brasil" group-title="CANAIS | USA", CNN Brasil
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnN-taKv_-JMmzql_8We-EF
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="CNN Chile" group-title="CANAIS | USA", CNN Chile
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl8I0mSg1nt7WbHcdiwx4eA
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="CNN en Español" group-title="CANAIS | USA", CNN en Español
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl4Wi4nv_vlUDtJ7sHN_DTJ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="CNN USA" group-title="CANAIS | USA", CNN USA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmCJtSmHzjst4gi792seP4a
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="CNN USA" group-title="CANAIS | USA", CNN USA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlNfCnp9moNL9mKRa2MmG7k
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="CNN USA" group-title="CANAIS | USA", CNN USA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmklBdiEzSKWwGzDBG6059d
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="CNN USA" group-title="CANAIS | USA", CNN USA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlpgMJywuMowhMwUuwKcbHc
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Comedy Dynamics" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Comedy Dynamics
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlPh_1zDHdj_wZaJCFWZFWk
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Comet" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Comet
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlmUlhBdl3wcxxMLFIolfZ_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Cooking Panda" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Cooking Panda
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnLJIIvdyEZl-q3RYN09LCv
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="County News Center (CNC TV) (San Diego CA)" group-title="CANAIS | USA", County News Center (CNC TV) (San Diego CA)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlqGZ6_LBzTy4G2izhfDEsM
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Court TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Court TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlpJ13PVziGPYnQoJ8LOxtD
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Court TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Court TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl2_LDaGrkWO2Ddrf45ryTt
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Court TV Mystery (WTXL-TV4)" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Court TV Mystery (WTXL-TV4)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnHOAfDnOwewk0YoLyONbLj
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Cowboy Channel" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Cowboy Channel
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkXfdp-Fzn38Hu2QPZR2MkM
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="CSat TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", CSat TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmmKlAJNl6BPeZvU5-oAcpd
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="CSat TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", CSat TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm46wRhx_-bc5IIuFUdwb2g
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="CSat TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", CSat TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlpvSAInbjjNfFmdIO3BG26
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="CT-N Court Feed" group-title="CANAIS | USA", CT-N Court Feed
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkiXDTh6EIjRsDPMvuH1gR_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="CT-N Live Stream 2" group-title="CANAIS | USA", CT-N Live Stream 2
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk9EZPJCInygqvgOPqWLW6U
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="CT-N TV Conneticut" group-title="CANAIS | USA", CT-N TV Conneticut
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmwzHSgoadsrGsSJo3JuJ4E
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="CTN" group-title="CANAIS | USA", CTN
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmmD6UEkxlbV1_XucpyVt_C
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="CTN" group-title="CANAIS | USA", CTN
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlSbIohslYe0UBPjdUgMeza
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="CTN" group-title="CANAIS | USA", CTN
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm_E2WDSCUcclE5_OA_Steq
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Dare To Dream Network (3ABN)" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Dare To Dream Network (3ABN)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlZLUsUXZ922OmFY-6_BEtx
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Dateline 24/7" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Dateline 24/7
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkB7EpN_vTkql7JC8fgKo6K
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Daystar TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Daystar TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSknxjmhV0o2D_OdEffxB-Ag
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Del Mar TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Del Mar TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlccf-IDL5GfpEXZ3q4vtxn
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Delicioso" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Delicioso
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl80kmLcHTvmNWV3Gw2TGiK
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Despierta" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Despierta
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlNtGJpPf-m_wtImU_Aa8CD
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="DNews" group-title="CANAIS | USA", DNews
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmfCVnll-qHfatMhZ7CEIyF
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Dr. Gene Scott" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Dr. Gene Scott
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkj5RhO1lbXJ1L3t5rTbJWu
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Dr. Gene Scott" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Dr. Gene Scott
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlyAmhx7YwA7RVifdCZNXMI
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="DryBar Comedy" group-title="CANAIS | USA", DryBar Comedy
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmWkMpTvAFLegfCYyfotaFd
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Duck Hunting TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Duck Hunting TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmAfQd6_UFN_0ZeYP6j2xpW
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="EarthxTV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", EarthxTV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlkyoaRfS23krUQm9zaca2D
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="El Conflicto TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", El Conflicto TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmcChysA7K66Sk7tDz_L52j
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="El Maqar" group-title="CANAIS | USA", El Maqar
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlLlo2ThFV3DxQH0xYjYxhH
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="El Segundo Media" group-title="CANAIS | USA", El Segundo Media
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm0d9DRwqUf-hj-lG8JcIZC
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Elbeshara GTV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Elbeshara GTV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkSUNbkyEcaBgevSdnQhr-7
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Electric Now" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Electric Now
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlIy3MyCCYDohuIXkB4MM2r
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Entrepreneur" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Entrepreneur
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn5ahTfkhNDgs9PT9a8JHhd
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="ESR 24x7 eSports Network" group-title="CANAIS | USA", ESR 24x7 eSports Network
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl-Sc3cbsDqFugqp91jOcSj
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Eternal Life TV Network" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Eternal Life TV Network
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlo61PGTpcIfecuHXt64JeY
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Everyday Heroes" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Everyday Heroes
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk2yEP--qs3X4F4-CqNjFwp
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="EWTN Asia-Pacific" group-title="CANAIS | USA", EWTN Asia-Pacific
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmTdbrqbgPLGgieBjRuInZN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="EWTN Canada" group-title="CANAIS | USA", EWTN Canada
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlJxKoYuwWl86azwo2lP9zB
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="EWTN el Canal Católico" group-title="CANAIS | USA", EWTN el Canal Católico
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmeJ8jyATtj5Y3l2nmH66Km
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="EWTN Europe" group-title="CANAIS | USA", EWTN Europe
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkHLPq6b5V23pXqDYMJPWMy
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="External Ottera" group-title="CANAIS | USA", External Ottera
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm7W9R19MPKp3dmuJWab5mB
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Extrema TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Extrema TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnXiqLjzkR1jsgnJmJTpJud
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="EYE95 America" group-title="CANAIS | USA", EYE95 America
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlxf8a8lDFJSi2J9IPyTRIz
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Faithlife TV Bible Screen" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Faithlife TV Bible Screen
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnGDPlxMsQQyUWGIMufl8X5
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Faithlife TV Christmas Music" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Faithlife TV Christmas Music
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmizPjKPtXQgKgSktalYIWY
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Fast&Fun Box (Russian)" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Fast&Fun Box (Russian)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSksB3loRSnBnYLE5f53JA_3
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="FASTWAY NEWS" group-title="CANAIS | USA", FASTWAY NEWS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmJh6Q9AIYQwqO-OJ2wWG4g
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="FIGHT SPORTS" group-title="CANAIS | USA", FIGHT SPORTS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkI3_oWfK8vZ98A28xfVp2F
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="FightBox HD" group-title="CANAIS | USA", FightBox HD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlBaMQBYxk0RMPFNDg9hea3
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Fighting Spirit" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Fighting Spirit
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkqJynoLG5IglbP0sRiLz88
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Fireplace Lounge" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Fireplace Lounge
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmwdZaW9fO6yzE-AYE5amEa
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Fish Tank" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Fish Tank
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmjVrRuqrgCA8nBWm-vGkjF
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Fite" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Fite
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSknc3rYL81WUABHINiOpQJm
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Folk TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Folk TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk--P4SRuaC7AIGIAZT8Grw
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Folk TV East" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Folk TV East
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnAErIf1Ge_CPJeCdL9-3zK
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Fox 15 West Texas Abilene TX (KXVA)" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Fox 15 West Texas Abilene TX (KXVA)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlxqqxNkJfRP7jgESFxsp5h
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Fox 43 Harrisburg PA (WPMT)" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Fox 43 Harrisburg PA (WPMT)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmNZB2tmNyO8JBGM4Cp1QoK
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Fox 54.1 Huntsville" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Fox 54.1 Huntsville
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmFeFerTMpro5TnrAyBsWTe
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Fox 61 News Hartford CT (WTIC-TV)" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Fox 61 News Hartford CT (WTIC-TV)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn6b_ztRvs-dk6_L5SMaH77
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Fox 61 News Hartford CT (WTIC-TV)" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Fox 61 News Hartford CT (WTIC-TV)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmDKEbygIfkimfo9AXpyTvg
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Fox Business" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Fox Business
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSncSZo4mWoA15c9U_uGkjjd
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Fox Greece" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Fox Greece
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnhQSX4gSPyA5vf10oBev8j
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Fox HD Russia" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Fox HD Russia
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkYPLRlsiO0DYFKO5ifkUFa
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Fox Russia" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Fox Russia
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk8XvmIc6OE7BZXHdyvszER
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Fox Weather" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Fox Weather
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlBU-flp0Jqh2OG0MtXaMI2
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Frecuencia Musical TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Frecuencia Musical TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSltHGDotKQKgXaR_4MVsr26
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Free Speech TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Free Speech TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl2Yk7_37d40LPT9cZsGQJJ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Fun Roads" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Fun Roads
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk_pKi3ajpB779e-yF6luo7
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Fútbol" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Fútbol
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnARso8T8N95v4FJVO-i7DT
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Galavision West" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Galavision West
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkxilePJDIJvYRguUQhDXcT
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Galavisión East" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Galavisión East
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkgWUv-o-YAkrqSXdmEuEgV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Galxy TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Galxy TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSngInfv0OTQWZZZoQ77H4TV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Ganj e Hozour TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Ganj e Hozour TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnCT7meoNOlI1THgzPApWYe
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="GBN Global Buddhist Network" group-title="CANAIS | USA", GBN Global Buddhist Network
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnNIaYhBDwZnIoWtrbAW7AZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Gem Shopping Network" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Gem Shopping Network
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn3l4JGgkDutmZHwFl2UkcM
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Genesis TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Genesis TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmXOvnlHc4vJwtNl8GgZT2z
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Global Christian Network America (GCN)" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Global Christian Network America (GCN)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmpkHfRVuVwKrhhDsLEzoWw
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Global Fashion Channel" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Global Fashion Channel
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmroafLim80y38uRXTWarV7
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Golden Boy" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Golden Boy
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkNoNN2ts7WrJdjicVEfxSq
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Golden TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Golden TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlF3MDojV45v7eOWdZ6Tk5k
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="GoodLife 45" group-title="CANAIS | USA", GoodLife 45
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmA9SZqk_U9GZONy4JwC-iE
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Gospel Broadcasting Network (GBN)" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Gospel Broadcasting Network (GBN)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnjuJl0uGdg5dnB14ESnJNy
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Gospel Truth TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Gospel Truth TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmVyYrRdoNsWZiQU1WpNPYX
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Grit Xtra" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Grit Xtra
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkd6qKF4NDUOEW8WfOpXdxg
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="grvty" group-title="CANAIS | USA", grvty
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmynM4tSOe0levpHHCKDw7T
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Harley Davidson Factory TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Harley Davidson Factory TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmfzqQWycgfFuoHCi4bP5nB
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Harley Davidson Racing TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Harley Davidson Racing TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmhl6rwT1YbOeVotBrrU2E-
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Harley Davidson Rides TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Harley Davidson Rides TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkjaqr6PM5LFFh3TsBq-Vda
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="HarPal Geo" group-title="CANAIS | USA", HarPal Geo
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlo659ZjUwPghIJH1q4Ht2e
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="High Times" group-title="CANAIS | USA", High Times
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl5GS7wOOiqnG7C2vqp1f3x
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="High Vision" group-title="CANAIS | USA", High Vision
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkrIlWgL0BWm445KtI9Al8A
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="HLN" group-title="CANAIS | USA", HLN
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnR_pKDG4nst9DCDTj_UaiR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Hmong TV Network" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Hmong TV Network
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk4VT3vFynTyVqC9uPK-fdI
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="HollyWire" group-title="CANAIS | USA", HollyWire
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmnYqdly4g-BBjq7SPWkthF
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Honor TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Honor TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlVd8F1pDIgY_WdPhDthaAU
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Hope Channel Norge" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Hope Channel Norge
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk8V6UIpz6qJXDY7WmNDTR-
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Hope Channel Norge" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Hope Channel Norge
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn8SWNx9i0PIFxPWg7Q8aK6
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Hope Channel Norge" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Hope Channel Norge
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSleYSxCLH6amW8dL2-r6W-l
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Horizon Armenian" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Horizon Armenian
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlmwk0ybjIWzJml8-H0LU1C
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Humraaz TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Humraaz TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlqCAdzfc5br3Fs5r_qsxnE
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Hunt Channel" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Hunt Channel
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlTvsdEAxzyx0JHYkLkYjoV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="IDG" group-title="CANAIS | USA", IDG
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl4k2Vs4IE6NcEexMVFAo4g
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="IFC East" group-title="CANAIS | USA", IFC East
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlIPwMHokFVvsZ6jLYrWYOH
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="IMPACT Plus!" group-title="CANAIS | USA", IMPACT Plus!
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnDZHaATwzT2IKcGIJeLXJU
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="IMPACT Wrestling" group-title="CANAIS | USA", IMPACT Wrestling
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk15yWBWWiSijEh9LoioAyv
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="InfoWars Network" group-title="CANAIS | USA", InfoWars Network
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkmdqXRIvrWrsWvr-bDnoSl
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="InfoWars The Alex Jones Show" group-title="CANAIS | USA", InfoWars The Alex Jones Show
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn1Aqu9p-QI5D-VJi3DCjIz
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="InfoWars The American Journal" group-title="CANAIS | USA", InfoWars The American Journal
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk8Wu6etN7Vt3yoN6vfAeYC
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="InfoWars War Room With Owen Shroyer" group-title="CANAIS | USA", InfoWars War Room With Owen Shroyer
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm-eccBbuA6xDsPnUN0vWBs
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Island Escape" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Island Escape
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkzxDjyN46uprMKkCwWSBRJ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="It's Supernatural! Network (ISN Network)" group-title="CANAIS | USA", It's Supernatural! Network (ISN Network)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnXSKYR7WxLjvyTviXw8N3-
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="JBS" group-title="CANAIS | USA", JBS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkvC57n_HL9ZAAdGopjhUQ8
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="JBS" group-title="CANAIS | USA", JBS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSleir4s9DSA7-KyhhLIQlSE
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="JBS" group-title="CANAIS | USA", JBS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmAclYizbBQDaW57CKCdeJB
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Jewelry Television" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Jewelry Television
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnnw_gdntHStPy8fi9Lah7_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Jewelry TV Extra" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Jewelry TV Extra
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl9yaJCdLT2BP3zPqBLJt92
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Jewish Life Television" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Jewish Life Television
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnkR7rFLLNT5Glv52DG8Z6e
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Johnny Carson TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Johnny Carson TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmU7Nrp-u1KlI4pHs-59vV9
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Juventud Renovada en el Espiritu Santo" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Juventud Renovada en el Espiritu Santo
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkToExipUc39JnDImlNWUpZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="KGTF-DT1 (PBS Guam)" group-title="CANAIS | USA", KGTF-DT1 (PBS Guam)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnYAxwpZrC177JveXDY82Uv
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="KXLN-DT1 (Univision West)" group-title="CANAIS | USA", KXLN-DT1 (Univision West)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkDzb74gPdNfkAH6u2UqTCH
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="La Rosa de Guadalupe" group-title="CANAIS | USA", La Rosa de Guadalupe
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlmrRu8H4ckGbteWu_1Lr_J
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Lao-Thai TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Lao-Thai TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm84DFhXROv8ZQPhsy8vq6Q
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Latin Zone TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Latin Zone TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlrc7Mhq2aqm_9H6WSZyvLg
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Law & Crime" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Law & Crime
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSltHemXC7uXd38Elst_TjZF
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Lax Sports Network TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Lax Sports Network TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSntEhJoBOvPembV6Dd66_UF
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="LifevisionTV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", LifevisionTV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlQQOkytfwiFIVZ-2hWOOd8
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Lighting Lives Blessing Nations His Light (LLBN)" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Lighting Lives Blessing Nations His Light (LLBN)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkO0TIbBslkdcVxubw8pSBJ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Lighting Lives Blessing Nations His Word (LLBN)" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Lighting Lives Blessing Nations His Word (LLBN)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl4NMvuMFdtOAjM5xk6nYVT
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Lighting Lives Blessing Nations TV Arabic (LLBN)" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Lighting Lives Blessing Nations TV Arabic (LLBN)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmTO-ypaWd8Qx6jcet55k7Q
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Lighting Lives Blessing Nations TV Chinese (LLBN)" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Lighting Lives Blessing Nations TV Chinese (LLBN)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnIaw6Oo-rR_xKb-LojnQzq
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Lighting Lives Blessing Nations TV Korean (LLBN)" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Lighting Lives Blessing Nations TV Korean (LLBN)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSknaP_u2b207cfLAy_SaMPL
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Lighting Lives Blessing Nations TV Latino (LLBN)" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Lighting Lives Blessing Nations TV Latino (LLBN)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm-o0d1QZAt5A7WmDmcuLCf
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Lighting Lives Blessing Nations TV South Asia (LLBN)" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Lighting Lives Blessing Nations TV South Asia (LLBN)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm7e2-57tp2b-W626jM1nH-
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Living Faith TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Living Faith TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSns6AYFaNEikcudNPKgeCul
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Logos TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Logos TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl2bjsK8zjcHAgGWae5kpkw
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Logos TV English" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Logos TV English
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkmxMPDu6Tt9wYUDioOmvY9
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Logos TV Mubasher" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Logos TV Mubasher
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkCfogWEwUhWQ-GiC2reJlm
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Logos TV Mubasher" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Logos TV Mubasher
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmJWTOE9B4gcn_zjy1TcfWB
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Lone Star" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Lone Star
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnRA08eb0z-xDDFhJYKmrDe
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Loupe 4K" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Loupe 4K
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkFuljyvnk2tNRHqhlzUPva
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="LoveWorld USA" group-title="CANAIS | USA", LoveWorld USA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnpnOb4ca6s9tgpAMdrn27D
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Mad Dog and Merrill" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Mad Dog and Merrill
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkykuX0OCRiusbTiR2FOnB0
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Majestad Televisión" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Majestad Televisión
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnw5x4u2SIYD1jDOYanktLR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="MBC America" group-title="CANAIS | USA", MBC America
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkte_UITCCX-o7VzoyN04iJ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Miami TV Jenny Live" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Miami TV Jenny Live
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk_jlrNZHuWwHPNxovaTlnk
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Miami TV México" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Miami TV México
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnaBwCfXy0p1rU5KJyTeK1x
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Mission TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Mission TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm16ouyuM6bVHYetgd3i3g2
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Mission TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Mission TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkt9QsVuxhJj-M_nPpqQ9-Q
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="MMA Junkie" group-title="CANAIS | USA", MMA Junkie
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl256p8FR8i1hhgUhl0dNuB
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Mohabat TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Mohabat TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk6gwpNK2p2gS3ETJQsvAFN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Monarch Channel" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Monarch Channel
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkD5AfdHcO_6XZIOGg9vtbL
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Motorbikes & Engines" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Motorbikes & Engines
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn3D5s3jlKnuodDnV0pi13L
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Mountain Bike TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Mountain Bike TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmvSDTK4xw4ptGZGCpU_i5n
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Movie Kingdom" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Movie Kingdom
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm-DAa0QEJa7nniFCHgObXp
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Nago TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Nago TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkYD3nF8Pwx7v3j3i_DAvo-
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="NASA TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", NASA TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmEFF6D4jrkBiKhLKdXNeSI
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="NASA TV ISS Views" group-title="CANAIS | USA", NASA TV ISS Views
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnmxuIMAOX_LHaAe3XsAMrx
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="NASA TV Media" group-title="CANAIS | USA", NASA TV Media
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkQGU80fRLW3HQjXcuNxqlf
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="NASA TV Public" group-title="CANAIS | USA", NASA TV Public
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkZdZsoE1NQxFdfwmuyO_zw
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="NASA TV UHD" group-title="CANAIS | USA", NASA TV UHD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlOpAg9Z5-ABQdvtSD-BQbQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="National Geographic Wild Russia" group-title="CANAIS | USA", National Geographic Wild Russia
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkizC8F0O1J1JHz_YclrXnD
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Nautistyles Luxury Yachts" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Nautistyles Luxury Yachts
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnQC0toBMqCmxAV97FRVDmn
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="NBC 11 Atlanta GA (11Alive)" group-title="CANAIS | USA", NBC 11 Atlanta GA (11Alive)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkFIqgRcEAsVzBWN-sXiKCS
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="NBC 5 Memphis TN (WMC)" group-title="CANAIS | USA", NBC 5 Memphis TN (WMC)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSngaZk9Vkrd3al6INLwPhDp
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="NBC Chicago News 24/7" group-title="CANAIS | USA", NBC Chicago News 24/7
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmCOnJ_06LatjKRf_whLuQ7
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="NBC News Now" group-title="CANAIS | USA", NBC News Now
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnm5gEcw80be0xvH6-XhzwV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="NBC News Now" group-title="CANAIS | USA", NBC News Now
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm3i6ICLfgdXIRagRB9K_wT
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="NBCLX" group-title="CANAIS | USA", NBCLX
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm8egfSZWMuQTsJUlHR72DZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="NESN National" group-title="CANAIS | USA", NESN National
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmkCJvl6IaU-OkPjD5mGezG
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="News4JAX+" group-title="CANAIS | USA", News4JAX+
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlC_GkMARwp_1_OEyf0mDu0
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Newsmax" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Newsmax
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlDnm1J-WUO6Tg-PBAewheS
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="NewsNet" group-title="CANAIS | USA", NewsNet
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnTKGGxEgJBeG0uJJPY7Yed
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Newsy" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Newsy
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkw0xfQ6VaSlBF1BJubv-9g
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Newsy" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Newsy
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmHZHu-wr6czukoZ8My0eDw
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Newsy" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Newsy
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkJ-IztT9mqZ1uur76KsCYQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Newsy" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Newsy
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnum0o6kM2OGa9qAeTr8nR7
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Nickelodeon Australia" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Nickelodeon Australia
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkg2QAf5kwWdBdnYWoDV1Ob
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Nickelodeon Deutschland" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Nickelodeon Deutschland
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmE6HitAenfVxuzWt7elWYK
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Nosey Divorce Court" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Nosey Divorce Court
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkH2ZWkDnaJqxEKjJJniLd0
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Nosey Jerry Springer" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Nosey Jerry Springer
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmOjD2GcI7jUkc9YWSNTFFH
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Nosey Judge Karen's Court" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Nosey Judge Karen's Court
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmM_zSvZqA0D-V_7RuNSdhj
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Nosey Maury" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Nosey Maury
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn-RurAsp6mKedlwps7us-8
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Nosey Steve Wilkos" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Nosey Steve Wilkos
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnX7sZczS7cp_XyV1YCJMeB
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Nothing Scripted" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Nothing Scripted
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkK6j_0PAb6Kk8aZD_JcILU
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Novelas" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Novelas
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn0n7yu0OdfSf7R6Y-fbGUf
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Novelísima" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Novelísima
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlnsgYmONp9EAlnt6eoWEjJ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="NRB TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", NRB TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkUUGlqXqtnn3it1OQju0A0
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="NTD TV (New Tang Dynasty Television)" group-title="CANAIS | USA", NTD TV (New Tang Dynasty Television)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnrz4U54NlQPI3eYaV6ph1T
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="NTD TV East (New Tang Dynasty Television)" group-title="CANAIS | USA", NTD TV East (New Tang Dynasty Television)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn1gv94L0w0q6faOwBp7fU5
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="NTD TV UK (New Tang Dynasty Television)" group-title="CANAIS | USA", NTD TV UK (New Tang Dynasty Television)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm2FO3gKBnqW9Qkta0xWKK8
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="NTD TV West (New Tang Dynasty Television)" group-title="CANAIS | USA", NTD TV West (New Tang Dynasty Television)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlxKYVxQjBUueC_PfiAi4fm
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="OAN Encore" group-title="CANAIS | USA", OAN Encore
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnHs7NjPdkOrCzNbK1E4usS
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Omid Javedan" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Omid Javedan
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn51eAHk9hCZ9Z612Lx5mJv
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Opción TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Opción TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnAGNiH57vhsTOZs0q3n71l
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Opportunities in Urban Renaissance Television (OURTV)" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Opportunities in Urban Renaissance Television (OURTV)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnszRn68xXGqasaxFBFeVVP
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Panarmenian TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Panarmenian TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSka7BBMF3H0tWnyMn6MJkW2
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Paragliding TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Paragliding TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmuRCEcsjT3zru66ElhuzWA
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Paramount Comedy Russia" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Paramount Comedy Russia
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn1A9OtmoiHhIIvtD45bQxB
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Payam-e-Afghan TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Payam-e-Afghan TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkM30nbXcwq4xKkqA6YpTtt
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Payvand TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Payvand TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmPEBo6J4mpoKlmfUSreGGb
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="People TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", People TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmbmpZjE5PE0FNKlpf-eNvD
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="People TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", People TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkcvBsCqtuj5VckcyHHArhR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="People TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", People TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnPwLDYVhsmCtS3eNrMebvm
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Plant Based Network" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Plant Based Network
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlb8ym-nQB9S4PyT8Csp2ud
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Positiv" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Positiv
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkvsMGrbo6mJ8j7wEebltGR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Potta-Divine TV USA" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Potta-Divine TV USA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlQH0YqByk9n0CGgb4OnQUg
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Prescott Valley TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Prescott Valley TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmX_tZg9YGcfABRXbVEbuxq
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PTL Television Network" group-title="CANAIS | USA", PTL Television Network
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl5tfkjFLrrTP-dAchwJ_MK
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Pymes TeVe" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Pymes TeVe
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmQI73WLCdCFcmz9qp0p6Pt
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="QVC (German)" group-title="CANAIS | USA", QVC (German)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmQg6nVXEXm8VZtK1i43LwY
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="QVC 3" group-title="CANAIS | USA", QVC 3
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlUojuIzFprz2JLcIt_dzbQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="QVC Beauty (German)" group-title="CANAIS | USA", QVC Beauty (German)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkyWEabpOT3UqkO2hqLJnBK
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="QVC Italia" group-title="CANAIS | USA", QVC Italia
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkh6PkFjX8RF7PDm1XxvdBX
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="QVC Japan" group-title="CANAIS | USA", QVC Japan
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn3CwXAGKiwywICiNtnKfNx
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="QVC PLUS" group-title="CANAIS | USA", QVC PLUS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkGe2YfEyMJON9GEQAd-5ch
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="QVC Style (Deutsch)" group-title="CANAIS | USA", QVC Style (Deutsch)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn9oICthYrJJz5Gt1weI_vy
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="QVC UK" group-title="CANAIS | USA", QVC UK
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmkKhVkoUC8FFSyw2m8tr4K
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="QVC UK" group-title="CANAIS | USA", QVC UK
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn9W9yZ0FxkEerIEvgasNt0
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="QVC UK +1" group-title="CANAIS | USA", QVC UK +1
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmqNDRdleWyZa5oLH5SXpfC
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="QVC UK Beauty" group-title="CANAIS | USA", QVC UK Beauty
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnLiFDoZ92ZBKo5ryvkM1qV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="QVC UK Extra" group-title="CANAIS | USA", QVC UK Extra
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSknmZqpLw04dvzqIrcE32zu
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="QVC UK Style" group-title="CANAIS | USA", QVC UK Style
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn0_HICMDO_upDzquuLivBp
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="QVC2 (Deutsch)" group-title="CANAIS | USA", QVC2 (Deutsch)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmdmGRgysG17ItzO0uoCeDl
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Javan TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Radio Javan TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkOxp0bPcfqamHtqkOgXigC
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio Ritmo" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Radio Ritmo
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkgyWAoRwTAPhnIFPwJ2OKP
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Radio U TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Radio U TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnK_hZ30PElZdSd11Lc8oOm
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Real Vision" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Real Vision
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmJgwbC0JHc3zhh0R5Gm7VY
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Reelz" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Reelz
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlFwbtriZHE2RA7GsRSzyT_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Reelz Channel" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Reelz Channel
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmgq_4lr-Ej4pYu-BQLlb9h
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Relaxing Rain" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Relaxing Rain
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnYJR4Zi5rwGCQp6ZEALD_r
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Retro TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Retro TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk75dGF569jMKSOgsEcoZAV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Rev'n" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Rev'n
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmdV-kw08DREfBsfZ0IQvlU
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Revry 2" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Revry 2
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlDYi-cEoNfSgLspSa0t5Rp
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Revry Brasil" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Revry Brasil
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk-WUepFwDG-sCTBfr1rJNO
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Revry Her" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Revry Her
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmF1bzN3rylo4-s04XGU90Q
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Revry LatinX" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Revry LatinX
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnP4BH5IE6GnnQODXzP__o_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Revry News" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Revry News
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnuXur5nSIbqSa-JJrAH6U4
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="RFD-TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", RFD-TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnULlrDNLHsed0FD23sawBL
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="SafeTV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", SafeTV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm1TGZc9Aq8ytiSH9D9Mjf6
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Scream Factory TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Scream Factory TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmvKNvvrvsI9_bwhuTHodS8
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Screen Dreams" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Screen Dreams
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnSoVyhkbZqpvk8_YQXO2El
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Shalom TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Shalom TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnJBRAKO8N8BFrcUtV67tc5
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Shalom TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Shalom TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSljNLXySyunrXzTJkcvsz-2
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Shop HQ" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Shop HQ
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn0wfICa3GMpZPmV8lFkgQV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Shop LC" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Shop LC
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn-j_pCoJFnQeVMT3tdFRIy
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Shop LC" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Shop LC
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk_4Nllg1MZXSTgZBahAQX4
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Shout! Factory TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Shout! Factory TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnng44nadpZeGnBoR7lssPz
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="SKWAD" group-title="CANAIS | USA", SKWAD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkHrikmC167P5XJecuMWBoo
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Sky Michigan TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Sky Michigan TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkVSloqWWlX2RluWMPf3ybT
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Slimo" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Slimo
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkLzfOOEJxSLIP9Ok6RfGzO
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Space Channel" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Space Channel
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlhrowSCzvw2kjPGYCXA_my
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Spirit TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Spirit TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkISGyhpBzKuatJrEJhXCVQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="SportsGrid" group-title="CANAIS | USA", SportsGrid
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkCZ_1lSGP_DyKLGkDKJGOh
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Sportskool TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Sportskool TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnVcOJZvfzfjQBwuHJaFclq
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Star 101 FM (KNUT Guam)" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Star 101 FM (KNUT Guam)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnmOaUFit2G1S7ilV0skrDZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Stockton GovTV (Stockton CA)" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Stockton GovTV (Stockton CA)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkf2r9BsDwm_G7EcorYrYo9
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Sundance East" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Sundance East
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnnq5yFL3RwWv-BJMWSevHx
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Sword and Shield" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Sword and Shield
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnBmyWdxIYmCVj7M6mcnCCD
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TAG TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", TAG TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnk-bltOgNDKjn12D-A9l8d
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Taste It TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Taste It TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl5IdEqe14Fc8Ffjk6_33mA
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Tastemade" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Tastemade
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkkuEuCO53_Abkns20amsI5
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Tastemade Australia" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Tastemade Australia
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkjZlUPU-Oy_cXDKK-o5mEG
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Tastemade en Español" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Tastemade en Español
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmJUcz_av94F8V8R4RjeKyZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TBD." group-title="CANAIS | USA", TBD.
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnJOXj4Sqcb3xcr2X_vP-0m
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TBN Asia" group-title="CANAIS | USA", TBN Asia
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnjuXsIptUjrV2CUfcVyG4Z
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TBN East" group-title="CANAIS | USA", TBN East
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSncfw8Y3wuSUbfwPnAcjUYl
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TBN Украина" group-title="CANAIS | USA", TBN Украина
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkYoc2RYn4upquZQ7FwCuQ3
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TBS East" group-title="CANAIS | USA", TBS East
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm6NzfRJbZl-VOdVIyOr5HY
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TBS West" group-title="CANAIS | USA", TBS West
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk1VMy-UcFYdsU56nyrpT_5
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TCM East" group-title="CANAIS | USA", TCM East
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkY2RMDf3QLi2iJpvvlXuSf
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TCM West" group-title="CANAIS | USA", TCM West
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnyy0erar01qTY_la3LdNd5
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TD Ameritrade Network" group-title="CANAIS | USA", TD Ameritrade Network
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl8hilisuyaZ6MTl1qAuU7E
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Techno Warehouse (US)" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Techno Warehouse (US)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkOZ5db9Cw9Bysnr23QaFTg
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Tele Boston" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Tele Boston
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnUbfqJx_3Y1xb6a4sj39GK
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="The Archive" group-title="CANAIS | USA", The Archive
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmbmLVm1CJyYHwqPhCyxAeV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="The Archive" group-title="CANAIS | USA", The Archive
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmsbnVu6_Dcg23r1CWDD8x-
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="The Beach Channel" group-title="CANAIS | USA", The Beach Channel
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnQC7Gdi5Rtyv4vRP2NdNwz
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="The Boat Show" group-title="CANAIS | USA", The Boat Show
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk-EBpb4q2ad7DAppoLaet_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="The Country Network" group-title="CANAIS | USA", The Country Network
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl6eARbP5JVftNn3DYbnuGf
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="The Cycling Channel" group-title="CANAIS | USA", The Cycling Channel
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmteHJhhCh1AFSDaj8f5o3c
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="The Filipino Channel Guam" group-title="CANAIS | USA", The Filipino Channel Guam
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn1Tg3YQux3q4oWf4JPQLuO
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="The First" group-title="CANAIS | USA", The First
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSme0nKz3TcWWjqppsA5L7aU
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="The Grapevine" group-title="CANAIS | USA", The Grapevine
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkntX6uveZS6W0U2kiPuXwd
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="The Love Destination" group-title="CANAIS | USA", The Love Destination
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlI4tjBXwbw6KgC4L2GtZbo
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="The Now Network" group-title="CANAIS | USA", The Now Network
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmjQ05MR0yZPuaYZ8eEUYxJ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="The Ohio Channel (WVIZ DT-2)" group-title="CANAIS | USA", The Ohio Channel (WVIZ DT-2)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl0EJB0LlY7EGoWSxcCi6L9
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="The Retro Channel" group-title="CANAIS | USA", The Retro Channel
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmrlmYmZFaTrpGolUfCrzdQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="The Shopping Channel" group-title="CANAIS | USA", The Shopping Channel
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlMjQCBxlolW_uXtFnWlbfZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="The Southeastern Channel" group-title="CANAIS | USA", The Southeastern Channel
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSluM0hKXfXtuuO75CqmSj64
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="The Titanic Channel" group-title="CANAIS | USA", The Titanic Channel
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlKMzv6yLkIT2I0Bxe-EjUJ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="The Wall Street Journal Live" group-title="CANAIS | USA", The Wall Street Journal Live
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmDibgP99TJZUsBqOpwZNmq
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="This TV Network" group-title="CANAIS | USA", This TV Network
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnikQAVe5g1zs6Ke4GoQm-Y
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Three Angels Broadcasting Network English" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Three Angels Broadcasting Network English
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm43EW_C5kfCyg1oREUVidB
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Three Angels Broadcasting Network French)" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Three Angels Broadcasting Network French)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSntmVkAGNcIro42-zXjFgKZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Three Angels Broadcasting Network International" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Three Angels Broadcasting Network International
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlmv9eNBFNGVkXASy0yk3Zy
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Three Angels Broadcasting Network Kids Network" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Three Angels Broadcasting Network Kids Network
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmSnfQ3KSPCiw15wmcpCpVL
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Three Angels Broadcasting Network Latino" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Three Angels Broadcasting Network Latino
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkKhke1kGsL6UUHT6BSQ8yf
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Three Angels Broadcasting Network Praise Him Music Network" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Three Angels Broadcasting Network Praise Him Music Network
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlrQQp86hFRlBEQHANgbOtD
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TNT East" group-title="CANAIS | USA", TNT East
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk-hA3sG72exEjnp3cce6Xs
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TNT West" group-title="CANAIS | USA", TNT West
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk8pRigRYNajyqeIwR3hkCd
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Toon Goggles" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Toon Goggles
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlukFQ7Ox8j32J1jWOthYKc
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Toonami Aftermath East" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Toonami Aftermath East
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmMpu2FP5zJKRsM_bQgemLV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Toonami Aftermath Movies" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Toonami Aftermath Movies
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkh5m_oLH9QtSmTeUQsCSXd
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Toonami Aftermath Radio" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Toonami Aftermath Radio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnVv9mYfxeBctoneH4JHCSQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Top Stories by Newsy" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Top Stories by Newsy
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlJpIFvYE7Dbi7qtyvOKnci
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TPT Now KTCA-DT5" group-title="CANAIS | USA", TPT Now KTCA-DT5
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkTCioOOZxcwFW5cklHhlMF
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="truTV East" group-title="CANAIS | USA", truTV East
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmz-soRU77-R9sw7tK1d2bE
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="truTV West" group-title="CANAIS | USA", truTV West
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmdeNaq4jajScPRN1imqiBa
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TSTV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", TSTV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkNmxp_FGGS06MyqFn8Bqgj
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TUDN" group-title="CANAIS | USA", TUDN
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlTlNiysauzI0sSaVz7v55S
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TVS Boxing" group-title="CANAIS | USA", TVS Boxing
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSng1_V5mD1GAsjvb1nBOnNk
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TVS Cipher Network" group-title="CANAIS | USA", TVS Cipher Network
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmr6lo9t-XHqiCqt55eqXWy
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TVS Classic Movies" group-title="CANAIS | USA", TVS Classic Movies
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn1s_5U7S2c9G1JNXHP38fF
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TVS Classic Sports" group-title="CANAIS | USA", TVS Classic Sports
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmxWDQXB7lEafVhdEvCytkI
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TVS Comedy Network" group-title="CANAIS | USA", TVS Comedy Network
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlhbm_9eH0AFpuoP8172rW0
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TVS Drive In Movie" group-title="CANAIS | USA", TVS Drive In Movie
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk-2TegWfay4g8kwGrUkaT8
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TVS Family Channel" group-title="CANAIS | USA", TVS Family Channel
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmiPfSCabZ7HLX4kgRJZYAI
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TVS Film Noir Network" group-title="CANAIS | USA", TVS Film Noir Network
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkYtGRm65t18TbQ2PzT0xr6
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TVS Front Page Detective" group-title="CANAIS | USA", TVS Front Page Detective
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl4Amk9vBWN61GBvazpw8rv
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TVS Hi Tops" group-title="CANAIS | USA", TVS Hi Tops
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlrg_Ny5NLcgOTocKMYReDo
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TVS Hollywood History" group-title="CANAIS | USA", TVS Hollywood History
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlzSOs_Mq5bgLelVcnjg8cK
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TVS Horror Network" group-title="CANAIS | USA", TVS Horror Network
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk9CxbicESlXRkAFe5OzCg8
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TVS Inspirational Network" group-title="CANAIS | USA", TVS Inspirational Network
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkj3NbNJFLY1KSNLnkve0-a
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TVS Mainstreet" group-title="CANAIS | USA", TVS Mainstreet
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmh7TYEXqq-rlvUiIDnIYRF
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TVS Music Network" group-title="CANAIS | USA", TVS Music Network
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm-UJA6f0_4EfwQCEr9tyiw
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TVS Nostalgia" group-title="CANAIS | USA", TVS Nostalgia
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkjETyzzftOLYDi7-6UGCcQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TVS Nostalgia Movies" group-title="CANAIS | USA", TVS Nostalgia Movies
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlKdKFgpOSp35wGE9PwWlGu
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TVS Pet Parade Network" group-title="CANAIS | USA", TVS Pet Parade Network
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkWMfubPmB-_wD59-kMK60H
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TVS Pinball Network" group-title="CANAIS | USA", TVS Pinball Network
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlzmImf4w6EvZItw0i5GoHX
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TVS Quiz Show Network" group-title="CANAIS | USA", TVS Quiz Show Network
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk1WkXRjhWZcsyTf4qCY7W5
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TVS Rare Collectibles" group-title="CANAIS | USA", TVS Rare Collectibles
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlHT6-szOz_8ecFPcCLpcTC
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TVS Select Network" group-title="CANAIS | USA", TVS Select Network
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnqHCsI2wrT4Hgj1WV1If0-
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TVS Silo Discount Network (484p)" group-title="CANAIS | USA", TVS Silo Discount Network (484p)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkBd_X2pR2mwo1r3x6nbt4F
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TVS Soft Winds Network" group-title="CANAIS | USA", TVS Soft Winds Network
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk1U1ybvY9wxymxxkO2IvhB
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TVS Sports" group-title="CANAIS | USA", TVS Sports
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmSeS7zkskjAXqTeq8wZ09y
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TVS Sports Bureau" group-title="CANAIS | USA", TVS Sports Bureau
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn0ThiOqy8P10jSlUhkA44a
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TVS Talk Network" group-title="CANAIS | USA", TVS Talk Network
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkz8UdKtO5dGf4KF0-tXlxt
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TVS Tally Ho" group-title="CANAIS | USA", TVS Tally Ho
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlBPFmngyWtEhkJp_jp3O-2
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TVS Tavern" group-title="CANAIS | USA", TVS Tavern
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlTLlMWAXsvO1H42Kq3kDpf
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TVS Television Network" group-title="CANAIS | USA", TVS Television Network
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmpz4zkS4XSJr6h1EGWXrrF
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TVS Today Home Entertainment Network" group-title="CANAIS | USA", TVS Today Home Entertainment Network
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSltvk_j_7juD1b35g1O3ERL
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TVS Travel Network" group-title="CANAIS | USA", TVS Travel Network
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm7ZFz-tb8dvtAGRi88oz19
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TVS Turbo" group-title="CANAIS | USA", TVS Turbo
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmwsWSqzO2gP_jGDWGOPB4v
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TVS Western Movie" group-title="CANAIS | USA", TVS Western Movie
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmEjiOWHZG3tkCaT0gwTuA_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TVS Women Sports" group-title="CANAIS | USA", TVS Women Sports
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkmAXuPyAKmgFs57cF7sRGI
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="UN Web TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", UN Web TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnFM8xxWIOjlMEXyjpMrX5U
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="UniMás East" group-title="CANAIS | USA", UniMás East
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkvKnFV1eKVfJdzOeEzkWs5
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Univision East" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Univision East
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlmd051f1xdSOx-6F7YKTXW
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Vallenato Internacional" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Vallenato Internacional
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn-nd9vcSE7L3qqZPol430h
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="VBS TV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", VBS TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmcI9SdBfncz55bbw0Pg_6S
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="VENN" group-title="CANAIS | USA", VENN
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnnNmhxTQf85BeCnLeGYTa5
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Vevo Hip Hop" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Vevo Hip Hop
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlkTGabEwXXZvhAwQmyCEbp
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Vevo Latino" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Vevo Latino
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSncvEG-a3JYEqw7KxBdPEX6
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Vevo Pop Europe" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Vevo Pop Europe
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlIGUMe91FckxqNGDBV6oz4
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="VH1" group-title="CANAIS | USA", VH1
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm-ycE_EXUILcjvpa-LxCKc
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Vice East" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Vice East
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm_L5urqvlHIKFCKfmc5OGr
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Victor Valley Movies" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Victor Valley Movies
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlp1jdqPKeNzqfEzicQ42-9
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Village of Hastings-On-Hudson NY (WHOH-TV)" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Village of Hastings-On-Hudson NY (WHOH-TV)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlXVqHZoqJ4cLbK7IwbD7L9
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="VoA Persian" group-title="CANAIS | USA", VoA Persian
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlfHJyC217UvxrKcbulc_Dq
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="VOA TV Africa" group-title="CANAIS | USA", VOA TV Africa
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmWNGjgUfEg7QOw2U46Yft4
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="VSiN" group-title="CANAIS | USA", VSiN
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmCSgmvbpF_vu3kNb1vpcb2
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="W14DK-D 14.1 TV Delmarva" group-title="CANAIS | USA", W14DK-D 14.1 TV Delmarva
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSky1ysp5VEhWVuUYQMoa-QD
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="W14DK-D 14.2 NEWSNET" group-title="CANAIS | USA", W14DK-D 14.2 NEWSNET
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnpSu55-AhQrGryuVF1PaSa
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="W14DK-D 14.3 RetroTV" group-title="CANAIS | USA", W14DK-D 14.3 RetroTV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl28lLdLJnlPx0ALy3-0pgC
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="W14DK-D 14.5 All Sports Television Network" group-title="CANAIS | USA", W14DK-D 14.5 All Sports Television Network
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkDWTZ9nqm-pEtOljzMxF5V
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="W14DK-D 14.7 Heartland Channel" group-title="CANAIS | USA", W14DK-D 14.7 Heartland Channel
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnCVcu5J430trrk3xLMqVJq
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Watch It Kid" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Watch It Kid
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSktOs-92u5K_6lkm0CU5Oea
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Watch It Scream!" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Watch It Scream!
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlBRyviCid2cWLaTxnYwOfT
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="WDAY-X Automatic Weather Fargo ND" group-title="CANAIS | USA", WDAY-X Automatic Weather Fargo ND
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkNL007O2N0fOqacXFmWUsY
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="WHPS Detroit (WHPS-CD 2)" group-title="CANAIS | USA", WHPS Detroit (WHPS-CD 2)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSneZvvKMWwUKJn0sG2WjL-Y
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="WildEarth" group-title="CANAIS | USA", WildEarth
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmEfNxiJWd3WtHZt9l9olt-
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="WIPR-DT1" group-title="CANAIS | USA", WIPR-DT1
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl6O9kS0jk-rUGQ0F7lR8IE
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="WLMB" group-title="CANAIS | USA", WLMB
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlKP004oM5MbGGcvsJqKUlA
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Wu Tang Collection" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Wu Tang Collection
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlcZX8ijyUnY40Xo6YcEWAI
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="WWON TV CH 48" group-title="CANAIS | USA", WWON TV CH 48
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl4Fug2yy_r6sSG5SoJ5g08
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="WXTV-DT1 (Univision New York)" group-title="CANAIS | USA", WXTV-DT1 (Univision New York)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm5Xpg4GROiF2mKKbLuk-gY
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="WZRA-CD1" group-title="CANAIS | USA", WZRA-CD1
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk0HriA5_GYV_R8QPHX9nDv
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Yahoo! Finance" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Yahoo! Finance
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnPA-kFFuordlZjjdvlpoMC
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="YouDotGov" group-title="CANAIS | USA", YouDotGov
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlJOowoAhOtS5i9JFsrB2UR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Young Hollywood" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Young Hollywood
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmlkDSx7MQ9OallQSRs3Y2Z
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Youtoo America" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Youtoo America
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnpy34xk6GsEjh7UxYK260k
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Youtoo America" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Youtoo America
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkY2JyP8Yk5074S54qKAVSR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Канал Disney" group-title="CANAIS | USA", Канал Disney
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlL9LDTMTcU7hKRGOTsThQc
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="4DmasNoticias TV" group-title="CANAIS | PARAGUAI", 4DmasNoticias TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmIsEKvKcMTonvKTYeJlRQu
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="ABC-TV Paraguay" group-title="CANAIS | PARAGUAI", ABC-TV Paraguay
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkibxQxOFKJ7yhwucXkSGDE
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Almaya TV" group-title="CANAIS | PARAGUAI", Almaya TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmcHQ315VATYyjHiF05OD_s
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Bruno Masi TV" group-title="CANAIS | PARAGUAI", Bruno Masi TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmpheWCN8vdBNzb40IlDnxO
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Caritas TV" group-title="CANAIS | PARAGUAI", Caritas TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmkpYiIZ3zwXl0xWCKIZjNg
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Dismar TV" group-title="CANAIS | PARAGUAI", Dismar TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl-bAqr5n77cJ7caNjwX2ap
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Educanal" group-title="CANAIS | PARAGUAI", Educanal
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlGNAcyjcTXehPLglc2Tjz7
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Estacion Cristal" group-title="CANAIS | PARAGUAI", Estacion Cristal
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnqsEhIlTWusKXlekhv_evl
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Farra Play" group-title="CANAIS | PARAGUAI", Farra Play
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk-Qk-vioHBYvv6mmfWuErX
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="GO TV" group-title="CANAIS | PARAGUAI", GO TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlRgGxPKMjrttKR7HpjPaoQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Mas TV" group-title="CANAIS | PARAGUAI", Mas TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlc6uwWpsBajL2wPRUh7Zbd
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Mega TV" group-title="CANAIS | PARAGUAI", Mega TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmu4c8-riZMGFaQPlkcGt6U
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="MiTV" group-title="CANAIS | PARAGUAI", MiTV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlbD5-XbsNrLA_ig35AFlMG
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Motor Sur Media" group-title="CANAIS | PARAGUAI", Motor Sur Media
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlArLgBvI60YgZDqKVUynnS
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Obedira TV" group-title="CANAIS | PARAGUAI", Obedira TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkhfsG7wAkM89wabk0ww5bH
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Oviedo TV" group-title="CANAIS | PARAGUAI", Oviedo TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlQypo89FIihukrmqo4r53L
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="RCC TV" group-title="CANAIS | PARAGUAI", RCC TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmQxeNZijb33lqhUTzPeE9u
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Republica TV" group-title="CANAIS | PARAGUAI", Republica TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkoKe9LLkSGnUJC6qupDX7l
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="RTV 12" group-title="CANAIS | PARAGUAI", RTV 12
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlW3ejfYCkuUl6BeCMpMaW3
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Somos Del Este" group-title="CANAIS | PARAGUAI", Somos Del Este
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkRdHu8chysjqMBNWVzczQt
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Suceso TV" group-title="CANAIS | PARAGUAI", Suceso TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlBtZYJ5xOBh2bQeAuFXUah
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TV Aire" group-title="CANAIS | PARAGUAI", TV Aire
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmGrypok6xENol4WoTxrDkr
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TVS Encarnacion" group-title="CANAIS | PARAGUAI", TVS Encarnacion
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlOm_109ZfSGzsMqKncOSOZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Uniradio" group-title="CANAIS | PARAGUAI", Uniradio
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm4XyyxSJTG3dvNg78yhZMy
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Venus Media" group-title="CANAIS | PARAGUAI", Venus Media
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmPS180V4CHKH3m4aS6PA_f
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Amaga Television" group-title="CANAIS | COLOMBIA", Amaga Television
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkCWYLtGjHxt6CZEAG50asG
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="ATN Television" group-title="CANAIS | COLOMBIA", ATN Television
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlgNag3_B35fB5wjwvcC95c
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="ATV" group-title="CANAIS | COLOMBIA", ATV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSllQM8BoUhURu1iUToBMerQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Avivamiento TV" group-title="CANAIS | COLOMBIA", Avivamiento TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnwM2CxS0boa5q2x5KKN7SE
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Cablenoticias" group-title="CANAIS | COLOMBIA", Cablenoticias
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnfJrnbVvpFVnjOqRuKuDb_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Cali TV" group-title="CANAIS | COLOMBIA", Cali TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkeZ9f2vADp0zK-fj4hVdRt
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Canal Capital" group-title="CANAIS | COLOMBIA", Canal Capital
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl5PAFdu6TkEn8mSIwpQGxY
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Canal Dos" group-title="CANAIS | COLOMBIA", Canal Dos
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkp1e9g-BOEW5FeXgZU9fnF
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Canal Institucional" group-title="CANAIS | COLOMBIA", Canal Institucional
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlZT86PdPzBKUBjesMrTrDE
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Canal Nets" group-title="CANAIS | COLOMBIA", Canal Nets
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn6jIDyZVImwaY3WLAFAfiX
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Canal Nets" group-title="CANAIS | COLOMBIA", Canal Nets
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl561PktU7_E14D9FoUU2Lx
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Canal Telefamilia" group-title="CANAIS | COLOMBIA", Canal Telefamilia
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmNbF5pgCz1L4LHOUlqWX8s
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Canal TelePalmar" group-title="CANAIS | COLOMBIA", Canal TelePalmar
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkwUtLMtauVZiXjuyGInkHd
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Canal VIP" group-title="CANAIS | COLOMBIA", Canal VIP
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnA7Zozvy1wEBWS_CBapPQu
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Canal Vision Dorada" group-title="CANAIS | COLOMBIA", Canal Vision Dorada
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmiGux4wr5jnNsL0hM17fD0
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Cinema Plus" group-title="CANAIS | COLOMBIA", Cinema Plus
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlozTvzb7ELeXXHc5ZbSTuo
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="CNC HD Online" group-title="CANAIS | COLOMBIA", CNC HD Online
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmHMojxtNrUXkaQlSVZtoWB
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="CNC Medellin" group-title="CANAIS | COLOMBIA", CNC Medellin
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmofPKvJhqtoFdp9aoDHj_K
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="CNC Pasto" group-title="CANAIS | COLOMBIA", CNC Pasto
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkWR5JF1RMvrJ7Z0iZL17Fs
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="CNC Pasto Galeras TV" group-title="CANAIS | COLOMBIA", CNC Pasto Galeras TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnqXt-9HahHk6sGiHvsRvoY
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="CNC Pasto Hits Channel" group-title="CANAIS | COLOMBIA", CNC Pasto Hits Channel
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmg-CeKToXoR3unQGt2JUus
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="CNC Pasto Sentimiento Vallenato" group-title="CANAIS | COLOMBIA", CNC Pasto Sentimiento Vallenato
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn9oTUZOmdcuXcFC9axqFhF
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="CNC Pasto Son Corazon" group-title="CANAIS | COLOMBIA", CNC Pasto Son Corazon
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkpuQfcuuS03rWr9F2htKx6
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="CNC Pasto Son Latino" group-title="CANAIS | COLOMBIA", CNC Pasto Son Latino
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn039bWdlJyiZmAUsFi5wVh
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="CNC Pasto Son Popular" group-title="CANAIS | COLOMBIA", CNC Pasto Son Popular
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnVoSR8QKdNtS7kVCTlrQZP
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Cosmovision" group-title="CANAIS | COLOMBIA", Cosmovision
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmbUfolgSs3TW4nlqkSfpY1
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="CTV Barranquilla" group-title="CANAIS | COLOMBIA", CTV Barranquilla
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl8rJGJudKgvNBJv7MrHK8U
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Famili Channel" group-title="CANAIS | COLOMBIA", Famili Channel
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmPSLHQpIcqtTjHXFKrBzhZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Huila TV" group-title="CANAIS | COLOMBIA", Huila TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnZx2TAq45R3kMqdLng9m_K
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="La Despechada TV" group-title="CANAIS | COLOMBIA", La Despechada TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnmDTkZ0VbImfJZUn1DtOfB
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Mas TV" group-title="CANAIS | COLOMBIA", Mas TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlDMWi31k8s74lbaplGXDQA
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Mas TV" group-title="CANAIS | COLOMBIA", Mas TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmJSOlTcSXMTNtGi8ypUr6x
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Memorias TV" group-title="CANAIS | COLOMBIA", Memorias TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSncXxx5w-gVZns4uFRkV1ik
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Mi Gente TV" group-title="CANAIS | COLOMBIA", Mi Gente TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnXRSjFPB4wNJq3ChaWtK7G
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Multicanal Television" group-title="CANAIS | COLOMBIA", Multicanal Television
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmomQh2hCsk6btUGUa1uG3R
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Noticiero 90 Minutos" group-title="CANAIS | COLOMBIA", Noticiero 90 Minutos
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl-d5aPsFYMuqh0715nntMr
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Red Plus" group-title="CANAIS | COLOMBIA", Red Plus
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnVV7PXdwmL1Z0VLM9GlHI_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Suram TV" group-title="CANAIS | COLOMBIA", Suram TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk5JUH6MCgPXS5C0SevFp8q
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TDI Colombia" group-title="CANAIS | COLOMBIA", TDI Colombia
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnuSGauDWAfbzSnnYYfbx9B
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Tele San Jacinto" group-title="CANAIS | COLOMBIA", Tele San Jacinto
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSltjWOonu0bf64898VJO0-G
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Telecaribe" group-title="CANAIS | COLOMBIA", Telecaribe
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSntg1QyiJMOMmeNEN1PQnDd
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Teleislas" group-title="CANAIS | COLOMBIA", Teleislas
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm59cc7YiK6PKkD7aB5X_Fo
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Telepacifico" group-title="CANAIS | COLOMBIA", Telepacifico
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlQZp0ASiEcoPW5WP_lgI40
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Trece" group-title="CANAIS | COLOMBIA", Trece
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmzfdAjBLLHT-7y57frEG-p
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Trece Plus" group-title="CANAIS | COLOMBIA", Trece Plus
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmmkNFDPtMKzkJ0LyAdcPOh
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TV Gracia" group-title="CANAIS | COLOMBIA", TV Gracia
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnpKsoij5we1GaLYAT21fK2
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Zoom" group-title="CANAIS | COLOMBIA", Zoom
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnnyYwbySnBxRnPT-_nzl8c
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | 24 KITCHEN" tvg-logo="https://d1yjjnpx0p53s8.cloudfront.net/styles/logo-thumbnail/s3/082015/24-kitchen_0.png?itok=trbjd-1N" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | 24 KITCHEN
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnB_Miyok65J-D4D3AnVbMM
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | A BOLA TV" tvg-logo="https://sport-tv-guide.live/images/stations/a798.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | A BOLA TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnkpdNkiKvwDyqu-2pkvg_J
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | A BOLA TV(OPCAO 2)" tvg-logo="https://sport-tv-guide.live/images/stations/a798.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | A BOLA TV(OPCAO 2)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlY4INbX2ptdXtpAEtz0iaR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | AFRO MUSIC" tvg-logo="https://www.trzcacak.rs/myfile/full/247-2470357_afro-afro-music.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | AFRO MUSIC
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmOfvH-ewhb3wQskSwSaQuV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | AMC" tvg-logo="http://200.77.160.48:8090/izzi/v4/img/dummy-img/channels/aMC.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | AMC
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmWfvE-bR3ddIL8a3XOaZrz
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | ARTV" tvg-logo="https://mytuner.global.ssl.fastly.net/media/tvos_radios/7tr2gd5mllfe.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | ARTV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk02iuYo1MYZz81xKFoNbHp
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | AXN" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/1c/Axn.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | AXN
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmEIlMr0k8HPzvSFkEZE0gD
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | AXN BLACK" tvg-logo="https://d1yjjnpx0p53s8.cloudfront.net/styles/logo-thumbnail/s3/112015/axn_black.png?itok=Qms3FUZl" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | AXN BLACK
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlDLzrlfM2fYx4lN8EYydnz
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | AXN WHITE" tvg-logo="https://seeklogo.com/images/A/axn-white-logo-4568307513-seeklogo.com.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | AXN WHITE
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnwHpc_hVcLTqMx2ROPbjAz
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | BABY TV" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/4/45/BabyTV.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | BABY TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmbdUNnGPzbzuTf_0p_bal9
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | BBC ENTERTAINMENT" tvg-logo="https://areamedia.nl/wp-content/uploads/bbc-entertainment.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | BBC ENTERTAINMENT
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn2FNVNibIQ6hPx-8dvtEYl
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | BBC WORLD NEWS" tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/1150717770478379008/8-XiwK-s_400x400.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | BBC WORLD NEWS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlZHVGR2pt1ytfjeIi4LrZ7
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | BENFICA TV" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/pnNU6PVSfDL4oa8zMO1Kd3-YoGTgMZX3ly3fdEGsnRSqWK9QoI1gfOkxFTMAGzt_U2qCZ3LUVMi-_2dnZNO3ez9WbpbqWvyW2BqNER2g8UE.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | BENFICA TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlfJVsZkZvvEZYYDJM4Kbzv
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | BENFICA TV(OPCAO 2)" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/pnNU6PVSfDL4oa8zMO1Kd3-YoGTgMZX3ly3fdEGsnRSqWK9QoI1gfOkxFTMAGzt_U2qCZ3LUVMi-_2dnZNO3ez9WbpbqWvyW2BqNER2g8UE.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | BENFICA TV(OPCAO 2)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn-FVPyZRFhzcixdKtkA_4T
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | BLAZE" tvg-logo="https://image.roku.com/developer_channels/prod/e09d957355f61341352a484c6dd0fbaef06b2afc40014f8aadda14d061830fd6.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | BLAZE
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl5BsW2nk8QqEWaFZqsIimQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | CACA E PESCA" tvg-logo="https://portalnacional.com.pt/images/icons/tv/CACAP.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | CACA E PESCA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk9KgnSXZ33M8aZ5lZnD7Dn
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | CACA VISION" tvg-logo="https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/1/17/CASA_Vision.png/revision/latest?cb=20141230180937" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | CACA VISION
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlmKHdfAbF-u_pGuXi93xSV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | CANAL 11" tvg-logo="https://logo.iptveditor.com/canal11.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | CANAL 11
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk5kSz5f9HqprMyUgLRU8E-
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | CANAL 11(OPCAO 2)" tvg-logo="https://sportguide.live/images/stations/a1787.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | CANAL 11(OPCAO 2)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl03rc7tEw3Y1nrETunIwgJ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | CANAL PANDA" tvg-logo="https://image.roku.com/developer_channels/prod/d57160e099b0e72136d975fb478e2543eeca3539063d96b2271bda30ade1975f.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | CANAL PANDA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn-s2zhQiT3N-AinDjLo46e
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | CANAL Q" tvg-logo="https://www.thematv.com/images/channels/canal-q.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | CANAL Q
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmVt3DYNUcLuJ0hEyeszbWk
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | CANCAO NOVA" tvg-logo="https://media.licdn.com/dms/image/C560BAQEW8baU2jVw5A/company-logo_200_200/0?e=2159024400&v=beta&t=0aYZL8eXGak8C3D4MeydQhw8FBs2N5wSCoj4J7xZqfc" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | CANCAO NOVA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlA2-kijJUSo8fbRhHnlKOD
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | CARTOON NETWORK" tvg-logo="https://www.freepnglogos.com/uploads/cartoon-network-png-logo/buy-cheap-cartoon-network-clothing-toys-png-logo-5.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | CARTOON NETWORK
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmMFAMzfpjxZZ8d6A3Jm8yN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | CBS REALITY" tvg-logo="https://hqtv.biz/tv/logos/m/cbs-reality.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | CBS REALITY
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlElxGvzuqquojBBd9-Zdt6
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | CINEMUNDO" tvg-logo="http://www.comandotv.com/xbmc/cinemundo.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | CINEMUNDO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl-Xl7LXd8lpCqchm4WrYUw
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | CMTV" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/teamblue65/LOGO/master/CMTV.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | CMTV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmD3MLM2OQiris0I1gRvKOl
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | CMTV(OPCAO 2)" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/teamblue65/LOGO/master/CMTV.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | CMTV(OPCAO 2)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlBCpoSwdqmk0qJtGCzfXd4
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | CRIME + INVESTIGATION" tvg-logo="https://archive.org/download/CrimeInvestigation/CrimeInvestigation.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | CRIME + INVESTIGATION
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkrnQLxNNT_Z2UPXy9LnA_B
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | DISCOVERY CHANNEL" tvg-logo="https://p.pngsee.com/uploadpng/small/109-1091126_discovery-press-world-png-logo-logo-discovery-channel.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | DISCOVERY CHANNEL
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnAPPcY2z8Uz4cwBX08XyJ1
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | DISNEY CHANNEL" tvg-logo="https://www.netclipart.com/pp/m/261-2610808_disney-channel-png-disney-channel-mickey-ears.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | DISNEY CHANNEL
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkFrekaxiDQ8I0q5lI1ere1
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | DISNEY JUNIOR" tvg-logo="http://www.throng.com.au/files/u3/disney-junior.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | DISNEY JUNIOR
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl2Wy3k_OROBuH4b_upxW-y
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | DOG TV" tvg-logo="https://siteassets.pagecloud.com/dogtv/images/dogtvlogo-ID-b9f1e327-63e1-4d3c-9caf-da8b22a354e7.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | DOG TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl5CdtLZqBcrxvWvugoGT4x
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | E!" tvg-logo="http://www.vector-logo.net/logo_preview/ai/e/Entertainment_TV_logo.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | E!
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmMc3i5wKfzhILlG-g4yl9j
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | ELEVEN SPORTS 1" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f9/Eleven_Sports_1.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | ELEVEN SPORTS 1
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkOTLtGAQbKsO8kqjQ73Ad2
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | ELEVEN SPORTS 1(OPCAO 2)" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f9/Eleven_Sports_1.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | ELEVEN SPORTS 1(OPCAO 2)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkNSJD5E3VJg8kCmdDZ6_ck
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | ELEVEN SPORTS 2" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/bb/ElevenSports_2.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | ELEVEN SPORTS 2
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl_jRd5OFhXNNMQMF4ySYcl
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | ELEVEN SPORTS 3" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | ELEVEN SPORTS 3
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmQpziO7BhCmtnug1crgWiA
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | ELEVEN SPORTS 4" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/18/ElevenSports_4.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | ELEVEN SPORTS 4
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn3ZSSEo_h4h_3kH6DrJAuF
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | ELEVEN SPORTS 5" tvg-logo="https://sport-tv-guide.live/images/stations/a1558.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | ELEVEN SPORTS 5
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkFZ1F_Jf-nRchR62WFw9Lf
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | ELEVEN SPORTS 6" tvg-logo="https://sport-tv-guide.live/images/stations/a1559.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | ELEVEN SPORTS 6
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlCsZ3ftaR43TerfQvmBZo7
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | EURONEWS" tvg-logo="http://www.userlogos.org/files/logos/Hugo/euronews1.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | EURONEWS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkHf8C9U9uHHRFfYgoxLtmQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | EUROSPORT 1" tvg-logo="https://logo.iptveditor.com/eurosport1.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | EUROSPORT 1
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlwLtQ4r3--N1QQTv-46Ejb
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | EUROSPORT 1 (B)" tvg-logo="https://logo.iptveditor.com/eurosport1.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | EUROSPORT 1 (B)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm1gSES8woO8J8gUiSYzEsM
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | EUROSPORT 2" tvg-logo="https://logo.iptveditor.com/eurosport2.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | EUROSPORT 2
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnuioqdqZiQ-aewrRg-UuP9
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | EUROSPORT 2 (B)" tvg-logo="https://logo.iptveditor.com/eurosport2.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | EUROSPORT 2 (B)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkWLGXX0Y7NhtPdnnZKGghr
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | FASHION TV" tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/377155464/FashionTV_logo.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | FASHION TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlNt2I7jUrq_C_qzhJzlSzO
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | FINE LIVING" tvg-logo="https://www.elkvant.sk/wp-content/uploads/fine-living-hd.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | FINE LIVING
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkFtUSpZ6rSZZ9ugInmiYC5
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | FOOD NETWORK" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/f/f9/Food_Network_New_Logo.png/246px-Food_Network_New_Logo.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | FOOD NETWORK
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk7P8xgNxaKbRc8Mhi55zbN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | FOX" tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/1176519394022658048/nFDAUWzR_400x400.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | FOX
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkOesTUQ_Byb0q30G147oTB
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | FOX COMEDY" tvg-logo="https://cdn.mitvstatic.com/channels/cl_fox-comedy-hd_m.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | FOX COMEDY
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSktzvZxljdDZh8PXmp-yuNH
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | FOX CRIME" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-LUcRqLO3-_w/VtCPP7a8XxI/AAAAAAAABEs/eLZ4w1mWwvw/s1600/fox_crime_asia_hd.gif" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | FOX CRIME
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSly98uAorXnUcCYWCpTOqHg
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | FOX LIFE" tvg-logo="http://kccl.tv/sites/default/files/Fox-Life-HD.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | FOX LIFE
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlAcBF2lFUM_wHoZNT9Ku8G
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | FOX MOVIES" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/25/Fox_movies_arabia_%28bein%29.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | FOX MOVIES
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnqlkmhmhmnkcpphxAtMJrp
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | GLOBO" tvg-logo="https://logo.iptveditor.com/globo.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | GLOBO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl3r0vcTtLHjl-6ZEpbCfjq
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | HISTORIA" tvg-logo="https://www.cooptel.ca/wp-content/uploads/2016/06/historia_126.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | HISTORIA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSljryNNreYEeyd3LP27KVDL
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | HOLLYWOOD" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/0/0e/Chollywood.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | HOLLYWOOD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkAs9eYnyILZ-LRBHVcdIA-
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | INVESTIGATION DISCOVERY" tvg-logo="https://1s7efb3dokct1y2e4q31coij-wpengine.netdna-ssl.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/04/logo-blk-id@2x.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | INVESTIGATION DISCOVERY
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnRpbQpQcu-t_wgjtmgShDs
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | KOMBAT SPORT" tvg-logo="https://www.bce.lu/wp-content/uploads/2016/06/LOGO-Kombat_Sport.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | KOMBAT SPORT
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSndz-Q_K1BkTI_ZzMm_AHF1
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | MCM POP" tvg-logo="https://seeklogo.com/images/M/mcm-pop-logo-042DCB84A2-seeklogo.com.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | MCM POP
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkOBOM5XWlXwrmO-9f6ACOA
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | MEZZO" tvg-logo="http://triozadig.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/01/unnamed-e1517589268840.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | MEZZO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmf-MDhfOdt3yrDNq4or9j6
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | MOTORVISION TV" tvg-logo="https://mountain.partners/media/1301/motorvisiontv.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | MOTORVISION TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkiVWWin8GOT7oEr9VHyV8n
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | MTV" tvg-logo="http://pluspng.com/img-png/mtv-logo-vector-png-mtv-logo-vector-download-280.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | MTV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnoTM3cWd08ZNqjcCRByLCN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | MTV DANCE" tvg-logo="https://media.info/i/lf/300/1508556331/1091.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | MTV DANCE
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkXPPryCrWTgwmykeiAW9Km
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | NAT GEO WILD" tvg-logo="https://sc.dish.com/shared/images/station-logos/natgw.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | NAT GEO WILD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnDUAfQEmBjD_KcT9xtzFaw
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkDaLfMvbxKF-zP6E31jRcS
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | NICK JR." tvg-logo="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/41DAgNJEGkL._SY355_.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | NICK JR.
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn0AOkx64XfJHNv4hcDjUe2
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | NICKELODEON" tvg-logo="https://www.freepnglogos.com/uploads/nickelodeon-logo-sound-png-27.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | NICKELODEON
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkxIN2V_tGV6L6y3rx4-Pgl
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | NOS STUDIOS" tvg-logo="https://cdn.nos.pt/common/img/nos_opengraph.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | NOS STUDIOS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkkdfsNP_H6LROjEoMIyvdm
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | ODISSEIA" tvg-logo="http://fundamental2019.com.br/wp-content/uploads/2018/06/LOGO-ODISSEIA.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | ODISSEIA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmNezCpw3jgxZUQqZA_SMdR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | PFC" tvg-logo="https://www.nossagente.net/wp_new/wp-content/uploads/2013/08/PFC_LOGO_slogan2.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | PFC
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnKX1whIhdyamZU4qk1eiGE
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | PORTO CANAL" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/4f/Logo_porto_canal.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | PORTO CANAL
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSn2298UvTEL2Z9tgrbrzRwf
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | REAL MADRID TV" tvg-logo="http://www.arabe-media.com/tv/img357.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | REAL MADRID TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkOQSvc9n9Of7qINuP4ysw2
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | RTP 1" tvg-logo="https://cdn-static.ams3.cdn.digitaloceanspaces.com/picons/rtp1.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | RTP 1
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlBVy_gjGF62HSeVyDQyMnm
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | RTP 1 (OPCAO 2)" tvg-logo="https://cdn-static.ams3.cdn.digitaloceanspaces.com/picons/rtp1.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | RTP 1 (OPCAO 2)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnRfLXFQWyJhCRUQnl5ypeM
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | RTP 2" tvg-logo="https://www.fpo.pt/www/images/fpo/comunicados/gerais/2013/16579_443615305705283_333251319_n.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | RTP 2
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSma3NMiDXJmm-73lQLiv907
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | RTP 3" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/teamblue65/LOGO/master/RTP3.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | RTP 3
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkaoDss5kHvEjbZsWb8vdsE
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | RTP 3(OPCAO 2)" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/teamblue65/LOGO/master/RTP3.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | RTP 3(OPCAO 2)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkc5dFgKg0aRNP0o2xPUyoa
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | RTP ACORES" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/teamblue65/LOGO/master/RTPACORES.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | RTP ACORES
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSl3X4Fl1arhYprqTLVFiOYw
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | RTP AFRICA" tvg-logo="http://directostv.teleame.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/RTP-%C3%81frica.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | RTP AFRICA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmqPkcAsn_NsaCcdkyMyytF
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | RTP INTERNACIONAL" tvg-logo="https://sport-tv-guide.live/images/tv-station-rtpt-internacional-ca-1507.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | RTP INTERNACIONAL
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnEI_K_qzsjR5HqBRNiSYMb
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | RTP MADEIRA" tvg-logo="http://directostv.teleame.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/RTP-Madeira.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | RTP MADEIRA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlOcoVS9VQyKbqptPaUXR7t
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | RTP MEMORIA" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/teamblue65/LOGO/master/RTPMEMORIA.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | RTP MEMORIA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm88UZE2TfWj8rx_Mi-FOya
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | SIC" tvg-logo="https://4.bp.blogspot.com/-DtY41i7UI5s/W7dU1andqXI/AAAAAAAAVOA/y7hit8JMqgc0Y9UFETekeTuuc7YipuTiACLcBGAs/s1600/Novo+Logotipo+SIC.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | SIC
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkcWol64jaHBFVdhYehfchN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | SIC (B)" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/cCV9Y4xY/SIC-2018.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | SIC (B)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnxWonI8ZXX18rq4SaRowZj
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | SIC CARAS" tvg-logo="http://www.meiosepublicidade.pt/wp-content/uploads/2013/10/SIC-Caras-logo.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | SIC CARAS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkwJXVWTgVwO4DRXJ0GGUJx
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | SIC KIDS" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/d/da/SIC_K_Portugal.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | SIC KIDS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkt8tHmp41omYZiGPYB_Mee
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | SIC MULHER" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/pt/6/6a/Logo_sem_fundo_SIC_Mulher.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | SIC MULHER
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlRILtBkJl7pOn3NADqbU8Z
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | SIC NOTICIAS" tvg-logo="http://cintesis.eu/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/sic_n_peq.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | SIC NOTICIAS
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmlNY9xURVhG8XdnxqFxLDc
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | SIC NOTICIAS(OPCAO 2)" tvg-logo="http://cintesis.eu/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/sic_n_peq.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | SIC NOTICIAS(OPCAO 2)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkQ7xZBibnZTju8dyE43sbs
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | SIC RADICAL" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/6c/Logosicradical.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | SIC RADICAL
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlm55XfBzer4RcFpZI0F3xK
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | SIC(OPCAO 2)" tvg-logo="https://4.bp.blogspot.com/-DtY41i7UI5s/W7dU1andqXI/AAAAAAAAVOA/y7hit8JMqgc0Y9UFETekeTuuc7YipuTiACLcBGAs/s1600/Novo+Logotipo+SIC.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | SIC(OPCAO 2)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnj6tNyQlAmlfSb18N5ZuFA
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | SPORT TV 1" tvg-logo="http://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/s/x2gd6cvkrdf1f0j/sporttv-1.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | SPORT TV 1
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlGqeL6umBJ0nv3Wq_NeZ-s
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | SPORT TV 2" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcSZAJXM-VWcZB2Xo5QO1vKhFMABazcmx9PsC0BisQsu9iG3iW-d" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | SPORT TV 2
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmLKix0-RBIpgKi0ymbcCO0
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | SPORT TV 3" tvg-logo="https://sport-tv-guide.live/images/stations/a452.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | SPORT TV 3
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnppDdFud3n18-y0sT7bM38
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | SPORT TV 4" tvg-logo="https://2.bp.blogspot.com/-8iCvE3hryzY/WcfzD3DmjqI/AAAAAAAAEmA/nH61kBu8QS0adinlN8lPIDPjvacCuW8kACLcBGAs/s392/Sport-Tv-4.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | SPORT TV 4
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkMYtlwBkaDamsWgwW0mCQ0
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | SPORT TV 5(OPCAO 2)" tvg-logo="https://sport-tv-guide.live/images/stations/a454.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | SPORT TV 5(OPCAO 2)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlb2cs_h1l_DkTXrMeGnYrV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | SPORT TV 6" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | SPORT TV 6
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkQ7Ojk8Em3W1p9sHsTVAAi
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | SPORT TV+" tvg-logo="http://www.nos.pt/particulares/televisao/canais/PublishingImages/destaques-hp/sporttv+/medium_sporttv+.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | SPORT TV+
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSleCP2RTsbWe37Py2g15x-a
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | SPORTING TV" tvg-logo="http://visaodigital.sytes.net/picons/sportingtv.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | SPORTING TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm3HTZ_CXDzI3xOFCqz7R4L
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | SYFY" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/29/SYFY.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | SYFY
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmo_4J_IXV6MJCF1HRQyW42
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | TLC" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/81/Tlc.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | TLC
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSntFeaBxAN7vVjGc8HqsyDy
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | TOROS TV" tvg-logo="https://verliga1.net/wp-content/uploads/2017/07/toros_tv.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | TOROS TV
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkmSPVXp2HYucUV0sv4wewg
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | TPA INTERNACIONAL" tvg-logo="http://www.semba-c.com/site/uploads/images/20151123143736_0.PNG" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | TPA INTERNACIONAL
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSncSoIx13fK4keyKkfOxqw8
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | TRACE URBAN" tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/1101077726612676608/tS3DbFx0_400x400.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | TRACE URBAN
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlpEJh4Reov4wwfh1EV2Kj0
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | TV GLOBO NOW" tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/1549987240/globo_400x400.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | TV GLOBO NOW
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnqGJhGc5ziM4VzW2XFaVvA
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | TV RECORD" tvg-logo="data:image/jpeg;base64,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" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | TV RECORD
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmOLbqxW64nkqb41YbVBlCC
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | TVCINE 1" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/cp55_aAe_Y0jV3syfv3m9S3QjMFMM5vKpNVdfL9joRpcHab7VMmOyyckUruXoW9y3fG97guptiY13o4VDGcE-dGAZmaXU9whO-sXQ6w6eD6Kdz4Pc07wSTVhU_bl2wzX.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | TVCINE 1
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSni0q8GPNWKpkUJDhDymK75
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | TVCINE 2" tvg-logo="http://ik.imagekit.io/ulangotv/image/upload/11597_logo_tv_cine_3.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | TVCINE 2
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm6S7AqsGXccmeXHGf3fZTO
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | TVCINE 3" tvg-logo="http://ik.imagekit.io/ulangotv/image/upload/11596_logo_tv_cine_4.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | TVCINE 3
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm_Bd27YmsrylWdtqaE_8xi
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | TVCINE 4" tvg-logo="http://jokerplanete.com/logos-portugal-tv/TVC4.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | TVCINE 4
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnYhypYfYpHjH0J4esnF8gF
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | TVI" tvg-logo="https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/b/b0/TVI_logo.png/revision/latest?cb=20100918105531" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | TVI
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm9Rtb_P4_k7Pp7Z3reZyK2
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | TVI 24" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWWzoClEZqX3ZsHWHUjDDLcKxCdjK_KOmNd5ln5n8WPqPA.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | TVI 24
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlqOWORlmrrNi6t1kw76hHz
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | TVI 24(OPCAO 2)" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/pt/5/50/Tvi_24.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | TVI 24(OPCAO 2)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmcayuDIZUH1GtVcg3-7rIu
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | TVI FICÇÃO" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/D0HvXs4g/TVI-Ficcao.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | TVI FICÇÃO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlYIt9MAMeK8gE-TsbM9ilX
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | TVI REALITY" tvg-logo="https://4.bp.blogspot.com/-VbC26yhRq7M/VwwWSb-YiNI/AAAAAAAABWg/GTmCsyGVIakJwYELApckOLxSiryRiqYfA/s1600/FOpfAgxT.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | TVI REALITY
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkH5oOAeOvoO9UHLShPtbrM
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | TVI REALITY CAMERA 1" tvg-logo="https://4.bp.blogspot.com/-VbC26yhRq7M/VwwWSb-YiNI/AAAAAAAABWg/GTmCsyGVIakJwYELApckOLxSiryRiqYfA/s1600/FOpfAgxT.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | TVI REALITY CAMERA 1
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSm2mBpjGAO098uVeMfHRBg7
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | TVI REALITY MOSAICO" tvg-logo="https://4.bp.blogspot.com/-VbC26yhRq7M/VwwWSb-YiNI/AAAAAAAABWg/GTmCsyGVIakJwYELApckOLxSiryRiqYfA/s1600/FOpfAgxT.png" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | TVI REALITY MOSAICO
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnUsFqn3a5qjBWfBoXrYSYF
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | TVI(OPCAO 2)" tvg-logo="https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/b/b0/TVI_logo.png/revision/latest?cb=20100918105531" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | TVI(OPCAO 2)
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlZ0LZ_BIVjDgiBuma3q18J
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | VH1" tvg-logo="https://yt3.ggpht.com/a/AGF-l7_8hMLqSQn1wqY2bgV_i_wO7MtcfVxPKHVBAw=s900-c-k-c0xffffffff-no-rj-mo" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | VH1
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnerJzEFTVkvvAI7oO2jdus
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PT | ZAP VIVA" group-title="CANAIS | PORTUGAL", PT | ZAP VIVA
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnUxZnlvEKFUOl07xaCyUkT
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="DISCOVERY CHANNEL 4K" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/eo00MNPq2jEKmMdApkODEot8QxQFXpJJzFtIi8FV5vmiOSC14ET42B0HFNyJktnCdFACWhNkF_f_uDinUpqgssMM3BnCnDkN7gIWPYDAjKqS4znCQ8kd-rUGBUBuUfLJ_kLnxAx-ujvmioZTaZxRurflRlWWvXyhW55_-kOI7zqsOyXolcS-kaq6zeq19YCQcRVmj0foOnOoal2wzXFMWG7JjTJMnTOM2wgux_1IYsI.png" group-title="CANAIS | 4K", DISCOVERY CHANNEL 4K
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkokMpSCjCqAjJAmk-cJgvC
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="PREMIERE CLUBES 4K" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcQCIyyC_ylPRTCr-c2VTv86gLtIbN_toeenmQJ6aXnUMicQ7_ipqc0ZE-0K4drkBQTIuB0&usqp=CAU" group-title="CANAIS | 4K", PREMIERE CLUBES 4K
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlt9o-Zi8t7YaMHZe9AbLGC
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="SPORTV 4K" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/eo00MNPq2jEKmMdApkODEot8QxQFXpJJzFtIi8FV5vlmbYOUBSf7wArIydprQNM7h0pKZYshApRBgf1RjagYGrAjBKANIl42hKVzjo9sD5SQzO1VTPjtbuT6LdyxkKDeOEIShFEWRv9oey6fOCvjYBIzMQbL7bSnT2onSZyGZKpbmiS46Lr28xAnvPMvErMe9hDosTatc6jitTo_iNCdjZzPnezP8abfVjZLDwF5j9k.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | 4K", SPORTV 4K
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkCLXkfykt-oSl2fmwtUmHr
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TELECINE PIPOCA 4K" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/eo00MNPq2jEKmMdApkODEot8QxQFXpJJzFtIi8FV5vn2OtixvODdTQKRyru4SHFgirxRyDUGMZmVrYXhnyWIruvinxuNCSpGZs9cZUOL1BLO6kvYq278vlUL_w7CtUZtSYEMQqf8yAZq_kYmV_46FdgJI19qC_eZwD-hRCxEMYY.png" group-title="CANAIS | 4K", TELECINE PIPOCA 4K
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmdk05UqnvDI0qdTir-K3Z_
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TELECINE PREMIUM 4K" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/eo00MNPq2jEKmMdApkODEot8QxQFXpJJzFtIi8FV5vn2OtixvODdTQKRyru4SHFgirxRyDUGMZmVrYXhnyWIruvinxuNCSpGZs9cZUOL1BLO6kvYq278vlUL_w7CtUZtG68YLPgCeh5jYruHHWLPSZog_OKWLLlDZI1CZPICAxM.png" group-title="CANAIS | 4K", TELECINE PREMIUM 4K
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkwL_taft4T1CQblmeX5Nmh
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="ANIMAL PLANET 4K" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/eo00MNPq2jEKmMdApkODEot8QxQFXpJJzFtIi8FV5vkNLpQBGriLwaUpYOP1UqgBYD9kGlcyloC2Ic8F_FIVNfxyXyWVxC1KgFqYyj2gftj8tu3_ChGLrikhnZHqMNjHYZvPhlWr7Hb5VVxkOoO2L6_FoyDJyOe4pqnYuFzbXho.png" group-title="CANAIS | 4K", ANIMAL PLANET 4K
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkD-aZZR96aPhwmEn30A3_3
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="CARTOON NETWORK 4K" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/TFu1ILtB3QdNR5sxcG9dW57ydYPQUrT-ETnzM6AEfTNGTJpaMVtlSDePqdY-j49jR1y19OdlC5utnfju2eQaEhsbx9VcqD1LptWBt6BtFouVsxIwGjdu2Zh_Psh8bRRcEoVZWyF74IFhr6vgTYnU2veo8spKvXBy14kkMo0ltwk.png" group-title="CANAIS | 4K", CARTOON NETWORK 4K
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk9E5pvfLvRf8_dhyxKG_ha
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="HBO 4K" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/eo00MNPq2jEKmMdApkODEot8QxQFXpJJzFtIi8FV5vkTMQMxz2SF241FNasJMHYzs-Iuo5EEE0m3ireHcxxyJGU_Hesa1Te67Ac_A_ZVzNLMPVfs931misBUg5KM16ffDtiVOAJQukkGLDMy1W5Jrw.png" group-title="CANAIS | 4K", HBO 4K
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkqPA2ShhFAn-NjSvS4XTIP
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="MEGAPIX 4K" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/eo00MNPq2jEKmMdApkODEot8QxQFXpJJzFtIi8FV5vlmbYOUBSf7wArIydprQNM7h0pKZYshApRBgf1RjagYGrAjBKANIl42hKVzjo9sD5SQzO1VTPjtbuT6LdyxkKDeBcPjSWcKEYrXpGIObwkMSpskxqwXKGRwM2d1M-ZOfkGWnSyTHbyy1Rbe3s2gOpZGbYzG-_xY6pFPpvVAY9r_Gw.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | 4K", MEGAPIX 4K
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnyCXyEdvHB3Yh9rwCSz0Uv
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="MULTISHOW 4K" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/eo00MNPq2jEKmMdApkODEot8QxQFXpJJzFtIi8FV5vl5O7LE_Bgz_3c7fZBFxvAV10ElcRYZwDB1G-OOqHAxVYymjj6iA9nYEDJniu60GhdEySgqxKW7KqRXUR0xlIiNzoIwUZGqtRXzJjh_aGOiXu0cAoq_QRoYBKMLh-QglcGug9Kz5p5ZgpBAf96z6kYZe6y0RGaByql5fpwc1hBQag.png" group-title="CANAIS | 4K", MULTISHOW 4K
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkH9hR2_6F_IjdktWNkSZhY
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC 4K" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/eo00MNPq2jEKmMdApkODEot8QxQFXpJJzFtIi8FV5vnftvn7vAAVyNIb6_fStouaP7DPMx6XSjbRUXOBIcbBQ5iMw2LEw5xsF9q_baV5Y3pouK6QHNeENTBUU3yG1ouuxfStEDf6CUXKz7S2C5JcEFGAf3juP7O8HqRNY9n_BHo.png" group-title="CANAIS | 4K", NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC 4K
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmuzdO7mF1i3gL70JVDE1Pi
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="STAR CHANNEL 4K" tvg-logo="https://elcomercio.pe/resizer/3aspnZC__0mIEzEVI7-AwYPTXro=/580x330/smart/filters:format(jpeg):quality(75)/cloudfront-us-east-1.images.arcpublishing.com/elcomercio/KMAWWZJ7NBF2DNBSD5XW6X2BFU.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | 4K", STAR CHANNEL 4K
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnB2AXDBcHUD7I_WnKORN2j
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TNT 4K" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/eo00MNPq2jEKmMdApkODEot8QxQFXpJJzFtIi8FV5vnc_rqA3366qVKsj7bx50Eat3_Iveo7-piILeWOax_Rpa3pS61x_skO7v91oRC62rCgFuIVqMBoGcDrWiYof_mO3vcIH8LkV2KBU2xt5oLXuctIL80RGd5TpUlPVEjduswn7K4SkYam-t5gfhYUhfPXXU1EkG-kvQcdtrfGxYhoPMPGUjTVFXDw9a0pTdeZbKY.png" group-title="CANAIS | 4K", TNT 4K
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlsoxQfxlLNkSZqj2Hx92aa
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="TNT SERIES 4K" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/eo00MNPq2jEKmMdApkODEot8QxQFXpJJzFtIi8FV5vk9_jX9BTFR5uYyM-zA9yaesNOTWISKWksm9xOYAvrN9FrSy-sVwpWczfL8pkmeeE608jb60cqsxKqruKqgwY1N9IHj3IqHUCq_vP8Pi1-wPIE7IEwZHqlJ4BNRS-enoznTPKoB56v3zbCC5_zsOg7Ne_mHniIurLZHo-BBnyXb8g.png" group-title="CANAIS | 4K", TNT SERIES 4K
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSncz3pVjs4X-89YqLETEieg
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="AXN 4K" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/McwsJcYw_mcQAzCGQe-sfjPCzY_9_sXPc7ExkXN-2WppP12MiNb2giCrD1xDza5f9pQ54_1tpcovu5YKYINnnlKzBwbUevvFtjYRqSZ65qb7o82Y5ix-RsZp3AKWOFZ7q2YziUrFQJTA2uZdUWdiE9uKdNXCGpxluOCsvD87Z3oMiBZhQiRr0VWQVwqut7kLCsQV5y-peQzkPuiy2WX55Wnbfo1nH6UhVPIYY7QW5Zw.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | 4K", AXN 4K
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkJdt4NxGtM7qznjzdB4zsY
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="COMEDY CENTRAL 4K" tvg-logo="https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/5/56/Comedy_Central_2018_%28Stacked_II%29.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/250?cb=20191213112017" group-title="CANAIS | 4K", COMEDY CENTRAL 4K
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlnCaiHEI_5vW8T46kKaQr4
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="DISCOVERY HOME AND HEALTH 4K" tvg-logo="https://img1.gratispng.com/20180802/uhl/kisspng-logo-product-design-brand-discovery-channel-clip-a-canal-j-logo-transparent-bing-images-5b62b1070aa7c9.8174077715331945030437.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | 4K", DISCOVERY HOME AND HEALTH 4K
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSljHk--qbldgzuY2HU1Wx71
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="ESPN 4K" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/RFpGgiFIwD-zg89GX_bnrM21ys_k7U76WWBBnJpgLF2_MZtcPwvgduUQBE0C578JShTU43zwcBF4Q52-4WeYBPOxInnchBLADF7iPZnxA_k3UovQImAmdEiyp8gcb5-QJJ6-pq7l2fOGUcB5WA_JObgI0Lm5Nv3gwZi5TjPU4Bc.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | 4K", ESPN 4K
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSnZXcA3ccLvANPXNZ2SykuJ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="GLOBO NEWS 4K" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/rBa-4W225vKgSo1YABjtI-Gqez7Uu3VIKRc7MARqvcv4SPYtPOkVBKIWaix7coqtIVb9UxPVcwx97frlf_C8mFlBgNLGplG4WsmD5LefqmA.png" group-title="CANAIS | 4K", GLOBO NEWS 4K
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSk1M5y9oU15d_SrjpdGFnJ-
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="GNT 4K" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/Kanmk96vTt-hjZj_mC4RcPttLMlmeeoOsTOSXqs4fWXm360tfVL4n72DiGcqnmJjHYAf9wvgXZv-X7svsFI88oR7JOlD5F3itjvAATyVya5gvAtLPvPuNEWZrj6SwAib.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | 4K", GNT 4K
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkxeOSvxeia8wV2Y_kxAmhh
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="UNIVERSAL CHANNEL 4K" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/eo00MNPq2jEKmMdApkODEot8QxQFXpJJzFtIi8FV5vly7Hztd0kTYGB8ZNf1xFrgnh5GV_VLUNtmhLkFel9VGqtmbfvTlBUaHCRx0RMKdQuQ4yp-ZVTpTUWLHJh7eitN4iTlIF-gjoOHy1uXiARw1RW7czVpMIVru6Uf4-P4zZ2RUO4wiEEVbp_oxsP-iQOzTAgJhu_asN0QL-M7RpGRbg.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | 4K", UNIVERSAL CHANNEL 4K
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmnYmjIGsRINPNI8bv50HNE
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="VIVA 4K" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/eo00MNPq2jEKmMdApkODEot8QxQFXpJJzFtIi8FV5vn2OtixvODdTQKRyru4SHFgirxRyDUGMZmVrYXhnyWIrpEh-QVmzFUrZeI84RCbesyfXC-euMF-zJxvcld6KhwGOjQwpbyzuSYuXojoxT50TTRcAmDs0pdXWg2xUloeTXM.png" group-title="CANAIS | 4K", VIVA 4K
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSlar9-GAYbaxJnnqNfps2Tr
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="CNN Brasil 4K" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/eo00MNPq2jEKmMdApkODEot8QxQFXpJJzFtIi8FV5vnZvVb4EBd3g9ivdoftrhd42qsto2qkEISEWYW2_p8UD28lzN_K-BBq9WUUe3zIJsAcQHmLqI2j6E0Pcivq3X1AW3FU_ne1iMsyyroGutqf_DW1XFtTvAVVrkYl3gO5ikvATZaq5q8F5ii1oN8Sruw8d0bVdz9HPARkwWCeIKX5ry_ZrxVuzRXO55RJgu6LRz8.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | 4K", CNN Brasil 4K
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSmoN-j1o3c9fHIjcO8E3Qfg
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="JOVEM PAN NEWS 4K" tvg-logo="http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/images/eo00MNPq2jEKmMdApkODEot8QxQFXpJJzFtIi8FV5vkggFnbA3-vB8qt_23lB-jeUWHi3J9zK5ot5nKkN9VklZgy6r7cT9UFAV3UUV15_zIrG9yC3NUI2vVyU-rWL0CRVPzsqyqhPAW0SeswZXCX3JmPQrJZSRzL6ZnIphyKWXzIkuRk1I4_u_hyQ_vY0eHsDvSyqm-LgDjNUCSQTBmtom8_eoviS3PSkeBJ8jtb36I.jpg" group-title="CANAIS | 4K", JOVEM PAN NEWS 4K
plugin://plugin.video.f4mTester/?streamtype=TSDOWNLOADER&url=http://cdn.contentgftp.xyz:80/play/bmOEZ9eXZFstOxBqEgAPJk09HX5JNREHR9Bzz1TqXSkRlno6Z3w8kNkg-faBQ1Xm
